Speaker B: Yes, I am currently attending a group psychotherapy, group psychotherapy. Well, there was an experience of individual therapy for a short 4 months somewhere. Therefore, there is experience.
Speaker A: So do you have any general idea of how this happens?
Speaker B: Yes, well, I try to focus on what I feel at the moment. As my therapist said, rely on feelings, this is the most important thing. And when I listened to one of your sessions, too, the girl was, I was very impressed, she talked about her feelings all the time. I'm feeling this right now, I'm thinking, God, how is she... How does she manage to reflect in this sense. But I would like to try it as well. I don't know if I will succeed or not.
Speaker A: What brings you here?
Speaker B: A long time about this. And I think, damn, it's been another week, and I'm already so... Anxiety, I have a big internal anxiety. It seems to me that I am constantly wounded in everything that surrounds me. It's generally just hard enough for me.
Speaker A: Live. For some reason, this word also popped up to me.
Speaker B: That's just to see... Well, I'm not talking about birds, fish, dogs there. Yes. Eco-anxiety. It's the same way. It's just that I'm looking at people's lost looks. or there's a nose, some details, right? Men, women are drunk. And it will hurt me to come into contact with it. I feel it very strongly. There is such a term, in my opinion, I have such a book, "Hypersensitive people". I started reading it, by the way, I didn't finish it. Here, I don't know, maybe it's from there. Well, I generally like to diagnose myself, there, codependency, reading the opinions of others about me. Here I am constantly in this process.
Speaker A: So you have introspection?
Speaker B: Yes, as my friends tell me, you are about the experience of therapy, finish everything with self-examination, do creative work. Sing there, dance, sculpt, I don't know what else is there. But I have this process... I think I'm very prone to psychotherapy. That is, I like this process. And it scares me sometimes, I think, is this even a process for the sake of the process? Or do I still want to find this one? the state or the self that... when I will at least not worry. I'm not talking about feeling happy. It seems to me that I used to have a lot of, how to say it, vitality, such carelessness, indifference, when... Maybe this is the moment of the impact of psychotherapy, when illusions are gradually lost, and the feeling of the core, maybe, or I do not know how to say it correctly, well, a sense of peace, contentment, it does not seem to come. Well, in my case, yes, here I am talking about myself. And as a consequence, various circumstances in life.
Speaker A: What is more specific? I'm trying to figure out what's bothering you with what you're describing.
Speaker B: For example, I am 40 years old, I live in the same room with a child. It's not even my room, I left my city. As it seemed to me, it was my conscious choice, I left. In my opinion, the best city on earth, I chose it, I really like it here. Leaving my apartment to my ex-husband, that is, I always, as it seems to me, leave relationships, family, work, that is, I quit. And, in theory, it should be good for me if I made this choice consciously myself, Well, the feeling of this coming to something, it did not come. More specifically, well, yes, I would like to have for the first time a long enough period without a relationship for me. I would even call it a cure. Actually, for the first time in my life, four months. Just one in the plan... Well, I don't hang out with a man. And this is such... Maybe because of this... So strange very much for me... Four months.
Speaker A: You started as if you would say four years now.
Speaker B: For me, four months is a very long time.
Speaker A: So you are almost constantly in one or another relationship?
Speaker B: Yes, I had it so that I either moved from one relationship to another or left. Or I was taken from those relationships to others. As it sounds, of course, not very. But now this is, yes, a strange, very unusual period for me. Heavy. Heavy or unusual. Maybe it's heavy because it's incomprehensible. But I'm straight... I didn't leave a person on my own initiative. But I wanted to live, to come alone. But again, this is not a desire, not that I wanted it, but this is how to be yourself, to understand yourself, to learn, to immerse yourself. And this dive is, of course, quite difficult for me. I do not know, Tara replied? Or what? Well then. Something else, yes, needs to be said. Some specifics.
Speaker A: No, you all answered normally.
Speaker B: I probably want to, you know, here you say what you came with, yes, what... I really want to hear that, like, you're okay, you... It's okay, it's okay, well, don't worry... Not that how do you live or do this, but what to hear like this... Because it's not the opinion of a passerby that matters to me, although I also focus on this, how people look at me, but this is the opinion of a professional person. As you said in previous sessions, no, you're fine.
Speaker A: What would change if I said that for you?
Speaker B: I think I would have felt some kind of reassurance. Maybe. Well, it's important for me to hear that I'm closer to normality. Well, the word "normal" is understandable, but what is it?
Speaker A: What do you think you're not normal about?
Speaker B: Well, in this crippling misfortune of his, everything seems to be out of the blue. I have this figure of a critic, it is quite voluminous. That is, no matter what I do, he will say, everything is fine for you, why are you steaming. Or there... It's bad, and it serves you right. In any case, there is no internal approval. This is what I was worried about, that for sure I would somehow make a wrong approach, go in the wrong direction in the conversation.
Speaker A: Strictly speaking, there is no right or wrong approach, or any right or wrong topic, or answer to questions. Everything that happens just happens. Another thing is that I have some kind of internal dissonance between what you say and what I see. You are talking, and it is interesting for research, it may be that you are talking about some kind of total misfortune or some kind... A feeling. Yes. That somehow you are not well, while I'm looking at you, I don't have such a feeling.
Speaker B: This is an image. Ah, there are no sensations, but not pictures, and even on sensations you do not feel it.
Speaker A: Can you tell us more about the image? Well, if I understand correctly, then you are somehow communicating with me here. What is this image?
Speaker B: Oh, yes, of course, I always have to be... attractive, to say the least. Be restrained. Although I really want to get emotional. Decent. Well, not to mention that I have to be a good mom. Look young. What else is there? It's right to be very professional. Although... Although even when they tell me, my patients, that it's just in general... And still does not pass through this wall, there, inside. I just came late enough to the profession in which I really enjoy working. And I really, really feel good. I've come to this. It's just that I've wanted this since childhood, I think. But my mom told me that I didn't get in. I didn't enroll. For 30 years, I have already come with two children to come to the preparatory. My eldest son says that in general, granny, you are going to enroll. So I entered, I learned, and now I am... Well, it's about that image, yeah, well, sort of... I don't have any difficult professions in this sense, although I used to be a little lost in realization. But now it is just as difficult for me as it was once to come to a profession, to my own, it is just as difficult for me to find it now... I had two marriages, I had children, and I, all the time when I come to my patients, I somehow involuntarily, or freely, I try to read, and what they have there for... Which... What are they hiding? Do they love each other or do they hate each other? And I'm in this process all the time, as if... Not that I'm surprised, like I'm reading. there I spend 15-20 minutes among people I don't know, and it seems to me that I have time to get into this. And all the time I see, it seems to me, something happy, right? And I am constantly experiencing such a certain feeling of envy that someone succeeds. You asked me about the image.
Speaker A: It would be interesting to know what's on the other side. Well, about what you need to be, you told. About how you really are there.
Speaker B: What do I want or what do I feel? What do you feel? I feel fear, An. Well, because it seems to me that I can't be alone with myself, or something. Fear for... I feel a very big fear for the child, for my own. Something because of the fear of death. Uncertainty is a lot. Well, a sense of guilt, dissatisfaction with yourself in many ways. The discrepancy here is what I have listed, what I should be. And the desire is just to... Like, you know, trepanation, or something, to erase all this and just feel that I'm alive. Feel. No officialdom, so as not to arise.
Speaker A: What do you want to erase?
Speaker B: Well, not just memories, of course. Experience. I want a stereotype. Which one? Well, negative for sure. Stereotypes. Well, everything that is imposed.
Speaker A: I just think that if you erase all the negative experiences and obligations and remove them from life, then what will remain of life?
Speaker B: Well, I dream of some kind of perfect, idiotic happiness. That this is a return somewhere out there, to the unconscious world. Well, it's just carelessness.
Speaker A: Well, I think how many years... How old is the person who lives without a job and in carelessness? This is a very childish condition. It's as if you're talking about it, that you wanted to get into some kind of childish state.
Speaker B: So adulthood is anxiety and responsibility?
Speaker A: Well, I don't know about the alarm. It's more of an accompanying story, but a responsibility, yes.
Speaker B: Well, yes, I take all the responsibility that I can... But I kind of have it... Does it correlate with guilt, right? That is, as it were... I only theoretically seem to know what responsibility is, but in fact I have it as a feeling of guilt. And like that's what I have to. That is, somewhere I have heard and know that responsibility is something so unpleasant, it is a place of power, but I don't feel it and I don't live like this, and I don't feel it, and I don't understand it. For me, responsibility is something very scary. This is something that will be punished as a punishment.
Speaker A: If you don't do something, will they punish you? Or if you do something, will they punish you?
Speaker B: Later. Well, myself and myself. Well, because I have all the responsibility on me, I don't depend on anyone. That is, I do everything. And it's also scary that everything I do in my life is... That's what I'm doing. To me... somehow I'm smearing everything, as if.
Speaker A: Would... Somehow, from the very beginning of our meeting, you say that you are doing something wrong.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Although I don't have that feeling.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: What do you formulate wrong, say wrong, lead the wrong way, answer wrong. Is it somehow that you are experiencing such an inner thing all the time?
Speaker B: Right here, yes. I don't even know, but how do you feel about it? Well, it's just that it is, right?
Speaker A: I see that you are confused, I see that you are sometimes confused. But I don't have any relation to it, as to the right or as to the wrong. That is, you speak as best you can. For me, this is not good and not bad. Unlike you.
Speaker B: Yes, I am a psychotherapist when I had a personal one... The psychologist told me that you left when we built up the figure of the father. Father as a critic. He says, yes, you just came true. I had experience in psychotherapy. That's how I live. I try to theorize all the time, as if just without relying on those very feelings. I just remember that when I asked about eco-anxiety, I'm standing in a traffic jam and just feel like all that exhaust smoke that's around me, like it's suffocating me. And these things are all there... plastic things, well, that is, this is such a problem for me. And when I came, well, not only with this, but also, I learned that fears are suppressed, suppressed anger. And the therapist offered me just, he says, well, let's try something, here take a pillow, I'm right out, take a pillow and hit the table. In general, I beat, beat for a while, well, I kind of thought that maybe it wouldn't lead to anything. And then I had such a story in my life. It's just literally after some short time I tore the TV off the wall, the plastic panel. I killed a man on the head with this TV. That is, it all happened in the process.
Speaker A: So you are not always so soft and fluffy.
Speaker B: No, why did I give this example? Because this is the only such vivid example for me. And then I remembered that it was as if I had worked on a bodily level, because it even looked like I could take something else.
Speaker A: And how does a person feel after that?
Speaker B: Yes, it's soft, it's a plasma panel, it's not even damaged.
Speaker A: It's interesting, thanks about the person, but you are.
Speaker B: They said that the plastic panel was not damaged. The man is fine, he is... I think I've had more injuries than him. The person is absolutely fine.
Speaker A: And how do you like this manifestation?
Speaker B: I felt really good about it. I didn't really cause any damage, but I released a physical one.
Speaker A: It's important for me to say it. You caused damage to the equipment because you tore it out of the wall, and you caused some, maybe not significant, but damage to the person you beat with this TV. I think it's important to bring this into reality somehow.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: I'm not accusing or condemning you, but it's important to say it.
Speaker B: I felt relieved. Here. I do not know this... It's just that it really also contradicts my ideas about how... how to behave, right? But... And therefore it is unclear whether to restrain it so that it leads here... internal to my some kind of negative consequences. I don't have a middle way yet.
Speaker A: How familiar are you with the general patterns of aggression and, perhaps, violence? That is, was it somehow in your childhood, in your middle name? Family?
Speaker B: My dad is a military man, and he is... he has a very like this... That is, he does not speak in any other way, only in imperative pronouncements. And... well, I have an older brother who is also quite like that... Well, of course, no one beat me with a TV, but it seems to me that I have never been pitied. If something happened, if I was crying or something, stop squelching, that's it, I calmed down. Well, that is, it was like this. There wasn't any thrash, but... The cold look is very familiar to me. So impenetrable. With what... If I was there in some teenage age, and then I did something, they talked to me, you'll make a mess, you'll solve it yourself. No one has ever helped me with my problems. Here I regard it as something moral... Support, warmth, there was nothing like that.
Speaker A: Emotional deprivation, it's also very painful.
Speaker B: For some reason, I gave an example with this TV.
Speaker A: It seemed to me that you wanted to tell this.
Speaker B: Maybe.
Speaker A: It even seemed to me that it was some kind of pride.
Speaker B: It's like I've seen a way to express something that I can't express. But I don't like, of course, the shape itself. I don't know what I saw in myself, or what.
Speaker A: That is, someone here seems to be, on the one hand, either worried about exhaust gases, I think there is some middle ground in this process, in this way.
Speaker B: Yes, but hitting a pear in the gym doesn't promise me either. Sports are in my life. It seems to me that this kind of sublimation is enough.
Speaker A: Sublimation, sublimation, but it's still... it looks like something secondary. Well, I mean, I saved up something somewhere, went to the gym and it spat out there. And the question is, yes, do I somehow participate, this is my part in the relationship. Your words stuck in my head when you said that you left your apartment to your ex-husband.
Speaker B: Our joint. Well, I left that city, and he stayed in it.
Speaker A: And do you have your own share in this apartment there?
Speaker B: Of course, yes, yes. And children, and share.
Speaker A: And you live in the same room with the kids now?
Speaker B: My eldest son already lives alone.
Speaker A: Do the mediums?
Speaker B: Yes, with the youngest daughter, yes. I live together.
Speaker A: Is there any injustice in this situation, maybe? Your disagreement?
Speaker B: I don't agree, but it seems to me that at any moment, if necessary, we can decide. We have a normal relationship, that is, we are not at enmity, nothing. Well, it's just that he lives there.
Speaker A: He just lives in our apartment, and you are in the room.
Speaker B: He lives alone, that is... And the daughter, and the daughter communicates with him, she just comes to him on vacation. This is the house where she grew up. This is the apartment where she was born. But this time I'm not like my house. Maybe even from this point of view that.
Speaker A: Somehow... And how do you explain the current situation to yourself?
Speaker B: Isn't this a division of property?
Speaker A: Well, somehow yes. Why, why did you leave for another city?
Speaker B: I wanted to go to another city.
Speaker A: Well, I'm right. Well, there is some kind of injustice in this.
Speaker B: Rating? I have a feeling that if, as it were, an urgent need arises for me, or if I decide, for example, something here, then we can agree and divide this property. It's just like I'm kind of still... Well, I can still live like this now. Although I really want to, I really want to have my own house. But this money was still not enough for them to buy a house in St. Petersburg. That is, they are incomparable... I don't feel unfair about it, honestly. We don't argue about it to the mind that it didn't take anything away. That is, this is some kind of temporary, suspended solution. Although I also left my first marriage. We had an apartment together, it was his, but I didn't even claim it. Just as it turns out that she left. And moreover, and here are my last relationships, the last, well, the ones I was in, an alcoholic man and a period of abstinence. In general, it was January, it was very cold. And he just told me to pack up. I'm with some visitors that you have here. I left in an autumn balto and in autumn shoes with a child, with things. Here. But it goes on as if it turns out that... That I am so... So I do.
Speaker A: You just inhaled, sighed.
Speaker B: Because you paid attention to it, and I somehow, or something, told you about it. For some reason, I didn't want to touch on these last relations. I keep looking for a group of codependents in my life. I don't know, it's generally a way of healing.
Speaker A: What's wrong with you now?
Speaker B: Pauses.
Speaker A: It seemed to me that you had an internal process going on. Well, I could be wrong. Well, did any feelings begin to rise?
Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes, I like that... I probably felt very sorry for myself. I... but I didn't have time to criticize it yet, but this inner sympathy for myself, so strong enough, I felt very sorry.
Speaker A: And what do you need when you feel sorry for yourself?
Speaker B: In support, of course. Yes. In support and in the inner feeling that there is a way out in any case, that I will cope. In hope.
Speaker A: In faith.
Speaker B: In faith? Yes. Into myself. No, well, it certainly sounds corny, but probably... Well, it seems to me that it is very.
Speaker A: It sounds corny, but it's true. Have you already started scolding yourself? What does it sound like? Can you share it?
Speaker B: It's almost obscene.
Speaker A: We can afford it.
Speaker B: Well, kick-ass, Kristina, that's it. You're great, of course, yes. Here you are now... My eye hurts, damn it. Keep up the good work. You can't do anything else, yeah. That's it, that's your essence. That's it, it's not easy. And I can also behave cruelly towards my daughter, who is only 10. Well, I know all this, but at the moment, yes, it is. Before the fear that I will do it, after the hatred that I will do it, but in the moment it is there. I was afraid of this even from the very beginning, that I would behave the same way, How? Well, that's ruthless.
Speaker A: And who has always been like this towards you? Father? Or the mother? Or both?
Speaker B: Well, I kind of... Right now... As if I can't say that, they behaved ruthlessly towards me. I can say about myself that I always behave ruthlessly towards myself. Well, yes, they didn't sympathize with me. And if they sympathized, then somehow very so, well there... Well, like up to a certain point. If I tried something more sincere somewhere, then the look became impenetrable. That is, some such phrases are on duty here.
Speaker A: The first ones... Don't you think it's ruthless? For a child.
Speaker B: Feels like it... For mine or for me?
Speaker A: For you. Well, if the child feels that to him... that glass eyes are looking at him, Does he feel any cruelty in this? Does he feel pain in this place?
Speaker B: He feels pain, but apparently he doesn't really understand about cruelty at that moment. Pain is unequivocal. Well, for example, you cry more, you pee less, I was told. Well, something like that. No, well, at least I don't behave like my daughter anymore. But in terms of problems, everything is fine, only I can't overcome my studies in any way. That's how it seems to me something... And moreover, I ... just the other day we pass, she passes by sight. I represent the form of the verb, I'm talking about the imperative, she can't give an example anywhere, when I said about the imperative, not the head, she started to sit down straight, and I look, and she writes numbers with these verbs. And I got so scared, I think, here she is, she breaks through in these... That is, not only in school, after all, yes, I am in everything, ruthlessly.
Speaker A: Somehow this word really touched you.
Speaker B: Ruthlessness. Well, because I want to be completely different. Such... pheromone, soft. So very, very feminine. Uh-huh. I see. Here. But here's how... And at this point, yes, the figure of the critic says that, well, no. What kind of blonde is this that we have got out now? Well, that's it.
Speaker A: So it turns out that the image that you present in a relationship, it seems to be all built on a contradiction with an internal critic.
Speaker B: About the internal critic.
Speaker A: It's as if you want the opposite, that is, your inner critic says, yes, you don't have to be some kind of soft blonde, and now you're not like that, but you seem to choose some kind of opposite state to this.
Speaker B: I am very pleased to be in the company of soft, with soft voices, with soft gestures. I feel some kind of peace right away. And I want to be like that.
Speaker A: And how would you feel in the company of women watching TV?
Speaker B: And I just, it seems to me, and in the society of such people, as a rule, well, I choose this here abuse. Now you have drawn my attention and hooked me, yes, that I have done this act and described it as if you said that you wanted to tell about it. And to me, I thought it was an illustration of what I am not. For me, it's like the opposite.
Speaker A: This act to the wars was spoken with a huge kind of... Energy? Yes, there was life in it. That is, of course, it is probably very harmonious among pheromone women. But for some reason life is felt in the place where you hit someone with a TV. Not in the sense that I urge you to beat the people around you with televisions, but in the sense that in that episode and in the way you talked about it, there was some kind of sincere energy, some kind of sincere inspiration.
Speaker B: And what to do?
Speaker A: I can't answer this question.
Speaker B: Because I do not know the answer. Well, I heard when you said that there is a middle line between eco-anxiety and superaggressive behavior, that's it, and that I'm not at it... that's... how... This reaction should be just in the process, happening right away. That is, to allow yourself any reaction. And not only the reaction of restraint. Well, as it seems to me, if there is some advice from your minds... Yes, yes, yes.
Speaker A: I can't give advice.
Speaker B: I know. When you said that there is a lot of life in the way I described this situation, I felt ashamed, of course, very strong.
Speaker A: Why?
Speaker B: Well, because it doesn't fit my ideas about firamon women.
Speaker A: I remember, I like it.
Speaker B: I don't know at all, I would invent it, but for some reason... soft, not fromonic, but endorphin. That is, women with a large female hormone.
Speaker A: Who, when no one sees, beat others. I think it's different In the sense that if there is such a clear advantage in one direction, then somewhere it should be compensated.
Speaker B: I understand now what you are talking about, that this is my idealization, that there is no such understanding that a woman, here she is only soft, she is... Yes, but I see.
Speaker A: That this is important to you, that for you somehow, well, it's generally some kind of important support in your life to be like this. To be like this, not like this. And it takes a lot of effort, a lot of internal resources. And, probably, probably, I forgot your wording about the internal state. Did you talk about unhappiness or at the very beginning, how do you feel inside?
Speaker B: Loss, anxiety, disorientation.
Speaker A: I think that the answers to all these questions are on the other side.
Speaker B: Where in aggression, in manifestation.
Speaker A: In contact with this party. But it's a long way.
Speaker B: It sounds kind of hopeless. A long way. Big in the sense of long.
Speaker A: This is not something that is done in one day.
Speaker B: Establishing contact with the feeling itself. I understand the manifestation of feeling more. It's the same thing. Or recognition for yourself. I feel angry. This is what is meant.
Speaker A: And I don't quite understand the question. The final question.
Speaker B: You say how to be in touch with feeling. Can I put it another way? To allow myself to feel it, to have it, or to understand that I feel it, and not to show this feeling? Am I angry but holding back? Or I actually am... And how do you feel now? What is it, anger was now?
Speaker A: I do not know, but you raised your voice sharply, you stopped speaking with an endorphin intonation, and somehow you felt differently now, I wonder if you felt it?
Speaker B: I didn't have time. But now I understand that I felt it. I just tried to formulate it more specifically to make it clearer. And I had to put this feeling in. Because it's as if the interview didn't reach us with a voice. God, what a horror.
Speaker A: Well, I think it's difficult to convey your position or a clear question. an endorphin voice. He's quiet.
Speaker B: Insinuating. And what, and not... And that's why he's incomprehensible? Or what?
Speaker A: Well, if I exaggerate, then I would say so, why take him into account? It is difficult to reckon with him.
Speaker B: Ah, to the opponent. So, is everything built on strength? It turns out that... Well, don't count because it's weaker. But at least proceed from the fact that this opponent also has the right to be anyone.
Speaker A: We live in... It's not going anywhere. We live in a different world. And he's not empathic or accepting.
Speaker B: Including?
Speaker A: Including, of course. For the most part. And he's not... He is not peaceful. More of your honor.
Speaker B: And you have to put up with this?
Speaker A: Well, that's a given.
Speaker B: This must be accepted.
Speaker A: You don't have to accept it, it's just a given.
Speaker B: But having accepted it, it will be more comfortable.
Speaker A: I do not know how it will be for you. Well, you know, there is... It is impossible to get something without saying it firmly. Well, it doesn't happen that way.
Speaker B: Impossible... And in personal relationships, in relationships of trust and very close ones, do you also need to talk firmly about everything?
Speaker A: I can again give your example that how can you trust a partner if he communicates with you very gently and understandingly most of the time, and then hits you with the TV.
Speaker B: Oh, that's one time... And that's why you can't trust such a person.
Speaker A: Trust develops when I see the second one. When I understand what is happening to him. When I understand where he's angry, where he doesn't like something. Where he puts the border. And then it is clear to me, and then it is safe for me. If it's safe for me, then I can relax. And if a person is always some kind of, some kind of very soft, then in fact it is absolutely unclear what is inside.
Speaker B: Is the sequence correct? Does a person have to be consistent? Including, right? Or is it not about consistency? I am not clear to the question. The main thing is that I understand what you said. It is important. It's as if I'm playing a role that doesn't correspond to the inner content.
Speaker A: I would not like to devalue and be so categorical. I think it's a matter of balance. There is nothing wrong with being feminine, soft and accepting. The question is whether there is a second side.
Speaker B: It's there anyway.
Speaker A: It's either somewhere deep inside, or it's more explicit. Therefore, no, I would not like to say that you are some kind of artificial. No, no. The question is that you can be one, and the other is absolutely impossible.
Speaker B: In my opinion.
Speaker A: Well, according to the critic, according to your opinion. We have time.
Speaker B: Yes, I'm so tired, Markova, you can't imagine.
Speaker A: It is important to finish somehow in order to say or not to say.
Speaker B: I want to express my gratitude. What matters to me is what we discussed. And the important thing is that I proved myself. And it was for me... I've never done it on camera here. Thank you.
Speaker A: But, strictly speaking, a lot of what I wanted to say was said during this session. I don't even know what to add. It is impossible to live without casting a shadow. You know, even the strongest attempt not to hurt anyone and not to harm anyone, it is pointless, because even if we just walk down the street, a shadow is cast from us, and our shadow interferes with someone else. In this sense, such a complete attempt to exclude some kind of inconvenience, aggressiveness. Angularity, it usually requires a lot of effort, but the result is still not achieved. the result is not achieved once, and twice, we do not get what we would like to receive, and accordingly suffer from it. Listen, aggression in Latin translates as the k movement. This is generally vital energy. The energy of aggression is the energy of life. Not in the sense that you need to beat someone with a TV, but in the sense that when the energy of aggression lives in me and I give it freedom, then I begin to feel my own life, I begin to feel that I am taking some steps, that I am in control of my life. In this sense, it has many positive aspects. And to be soft and fluffy or somehow always comfortable, well, it's very decent, of course, it's very disposing, but in the end it usually doesn't lead to anything good anyway. In general, it is very difficult to live when a constant voice sounds inside you that you are doing everything wrong, that whatever you do, you are doing wrong. You talk the wrong way, you live the wrong way, you walk the wrong way, you raise the wrong way, you work the wrong way. It's excruciating. And the only, simplest, most convenient option is to try not to hurt anyone or anything at all. Try to be perfect and comfortable and comfortable, and to make everyone around feel good. It's as if it's so bad inside, if I'm doing something wrong, then all I can do is be at all... to have to myself from the first minute of conversation, to be attractive, to be correct, to speak with the right timbre. In this sense, the situation of this client is very clear to me. If any eco-activists see this video, they will probably eat me. But in general, it's enough... If you dig a little deeper, then an attempt to take care of the whole surrounding nature, it's quite an infantile thing, well, in the sense that it seems to deny, it's an attempt to deny that, and we said this at some point in the session, it's like denying that we live in the real world, in the real world, in which a person is not always a friend to a person. in which there is cruelty, in which there is injustice, in which no one will take care of you. Nobody. Mom in the womb, when you were, cared, but nothing more. I have nothing against eco-activism and attempts to take care of the immersive environment. I'm only talking about some kind of radical manifestation of this. This is such a search for a place that does not exist.