Speaker B: In recent days I have been thinking about such things, about some kind of bygone past, a bygone version of me. What I was, say, 4-5 years ago, now I feel right, This person is no longer there, there is some other appeared. Here. I'm thinking about it. If earlier memories were always somehow strong, like nostalgia, which is a pity that it's all gone, now it seems to have changed. This feeling is calmer, or has it become. To some extent, it was and was, and has passed, and now something else is going on, something new. I see some kind of big charge of energy in this. something was happening to him. Now I want to understand better, and what can a new you do? Well, yes, let's just say, without being sprayed, unfortunately, that the past is gone, it won't be like that anymore, but something constructive has appeared in this. The request here is probably not very clear. I just want to feel this state, and along the way, it will probably become clearer. Well, it's clearer to me what it is, what you can do with it. Such interest, in general.
Speaker A: And if somehow in simple language, what do you not understand about yourself in the present?
Speaker B: There's probably even a slightly different question here. The feeling of some kind of process, growing up or something, changes, that's more about it. How does this happen? Well, it seems to me that I have to say goodbye to my past all the time. With myself in the past. More feeling about it is probably more interesting.
Speaker A: Can you tell us about your past? Who's leaving?
Speaker B: Well, it's probably something different than youth. Here is some young man, he is no longer there now. He eventually aspired to something, went somewhere. And changed, matured, probably. Some new priorities are emerging. Well, yes, there is some nostalgia and some warm, slightly sad feelings. As if this parting with some person can be compared with another. You were making some sort of clarification. It was like I was distracted from him.
Speaker A: Yes, a little bit. And where did this young man aspire to? You say it was some new, some different set of life contexts. Where was this young man aiming for? What motivated him?
Speaker B: He, or I should say more correctly, had very specific interests. I still continue to do what I like. These are concerts, music. Probably, the difference from that person is that there are some new hobbies and aspirations, including psychotherapy, some other view of personal life. And unlike the old time, I somehow see the opposite in this development and continuation. Well, some new possibilities. o.
Speaker A: What are you thinking about?
Speaker B: And it's like I'm falling into some of my feelings and for a few seconds I freeze in them and watch just like that.
Speaker A: If possible, can you share?
Speaker B: Yes. Well, all the same, some few seconds sometimes it takes something to assimilate. Basically, that's what I'm talking about, what I'm thinking about. Now. In some process.
Speaker A: How do you feel now? Are you worried, not worried?
Speaker B: I think I feel quite comfortable. I'm just so gradually staying, including inside myself, and looking around. Right now I'm looking around. And where have we already come to? Maybe some intermediate stage? Some kind of room, if an image. Now I have a feeling of some kind of wholeness, or something, arises. What I started with, or about some emotions, about sadness, about joy. Now it's fading into the background a little bit, and I'm arriving at the present. I stop only thinking about the past, for example, or only thinking about the future. Yes, right now... Now I've probably arrived at myself. That's when the body and what's going on in the head correlated.
Speaker A: Welcome.
Speaker B: Yes, thank you.
Speaker A: And what of this state of wholeness and some present moment do you want to know and understand? If you want anything at all.
Speaker B: That's exactly what I'm watching.
Speaker A: You can watch as much as you need.
Speaker B: It's important to me now that you talk about it. And then in life it often happens that well, I and other people don't really give themselves time. That's what you just said, that's probably the most important thing right now. That I can take my time.
Speaker A: Such a good skill, I think. Take your time. Do not rush to understand about yourself. Or something about life.
Speaker B: Usually there is a feeling that there is a 50-minute session, you need to use it as tightly and efficiently as possible. But now I often think that it's not necessary to squeeze it all right. Perhaps, on the contrary, a few measured minutes will be more effective for me than something else.
Speaker A: Could this be the difference between your past and your present? That's the skill.
Speaker B: Some skill has been acquired. Yes, I think the observations are quite accurate.
Speaker A: As if it's such an important thing about growing up. Shifting the focus from the goal to the process.
Speaker B: You know, I was silent for a minute or two right now, well, I didn't really know what to say. And you probably did exactly what I wanted. Well, you were just watching me too, and you got some impression. And you somehow pushed me to some new look and discovery. Yes, probably, this skill has become some kind of fundamental. I've definitely arrived even more right now, calmed down even more. Well, I saw you, and you saw me more. Probably, this is a new feeling of some kind of more or less permanent peace. It is clear that during the day even he can disappear or reappear. But this is a new state, a new place. Well, when something is bad or some kind of struggle, like, well, everything is clearer. And when everything calms down like this, and what to do about it? A question arises.
Speaker A: I'm thinking about it too. When there is a clear goal, it is very clear where to go.
Speaker B: And when... Nothing kicks you, nothing pushes you. And what exactly do I want globally? That's an interesting question. Probably, these are the thoughts that I'm looking back, just in the past, as if I'm trying to find some clues. But, apparently, something... The future is not in the past, and something new is not behind. And in order to come up with this new thing, well, or not to come up with it, but to find it, here is some interesting task in itself, too.
Speaker A: You know, one of my teachers was very fond of saying that there is no past, there is no future yet. And the whole question is how we are now. Maybe it makes sense to look at yours.
Speaker B: The present, how do you like it, or something.
Speaker A: This is the present you want.
Speaker B: A question about the present. The most relevant. I think that in general there are some areas, personal life, work, some other interests, study. I think they are already quite conscious and suitable for me. Well, there are probably some things that I want to finalize, or something. As if it sounds like... Well, there are some imperfections that I want to fix. Probably not quite the right words here. What to fix or... hmm. Well, here's the desire to somehow fix this imperfection straight to the ideal state, too, I don't want to. Here's how to deal with this imperfect part of yourself?
Speaker A: I want to say, accept.
Speaker B: Well, somehow yes. We have such an image of this imperfect part, like, I don't know, some kind of river, the Amazon. It bends so much. Well, in general, this is her natural position. That is, the river is looking for its channel. Here. So, on the contrary, she is perfect in all her curves. Well, yes, already from such a point I don't want to chop down some kind of branch, on which, well, a layer that seems imperfect. Here I have a logical question. And what exactly is it? What are these images about? some kind of habitual way of finding energy for actions, well, in general, every day, in principle, to wake up to come here, for example, Some kind of it seems to me... Still, it seems to me quite cozy and suitable for me too. What I started with, like, words about imperfection, that something should be fixed. But now the feeling is similar to acceptance, probably it also exists. And this is also some kind of new skill. As is the skill of being at rest.
Speaker A: I have a feeling from our dialogue, as if he also looks like an Amazon. Just a little bit in a different direction. I see you looping somewhere in your reasoning, but I can't get a hold of you. That is, I understand what you're talking about, I understand what you're saying, but as if... Not to hook something important.
Speaker B: Something is fuzzy. Quite general in the wording.
Speaker A: At the same time, I see that you have some kind of internal process going on, you are making some discoveries for yourself, but you are not clinging to something important. Do you understand what I mean?
Speaker B: Yes, you speak clearly, and it's probably not the first time I've heard it. Here. Well, here again, this is some kind of feedback from you, partly for which I came. That it is also very useful, it helps to notice exactly that. Maybe I don't really see it in myself anymore.
Speaker A: And you said it's not the first time you've heard it. Where else have you heard that?
Speaker B: Well, when I say that in some state of rest, for example, at school, that well, everything, in general, goes like this, everything is right, there are some nuances, but in general, well, dynamics, I don't know, the group is what it should be. Here. And I was just told that it infuriates. Like there's such a thrash going on here, and everything is fine with you. Well, something like that, for example. And in a relationship? In a relationship now it turns out to share it. There is some agreement in this sense. And this way of mine is, well, very appropriate and everything is correct. And at work? Yes, everything is probably fine at work, yes. There were no such cases. Well, did you ask anything about it? Well, where else have I heard about it? Here I sometimes have some resistance. Well, this is my natural state.
Speaker A: Resistance?
Speaker B: No-no-no. Well, peace, for example. This often happens. This is a natural state. But it's as if some people don't share, don't believe in it, that it's some kind of not mine... Some kind of mask maybe. And this distrust somehow hurts. How can I not be myself if I'm like this? Well, here's an important point, probably, yes, that if someone does not understand, well, does not share the same approach, then some arise... And what to do with it? How to explain? Or maybe it's not worth explaining anything, but just not noticing. Well, it's impossible not to notice until the end.
Speaker A: So. And how do you handle it yourself?
Speaker B: Well, I feel good with myself, but it turns out that there are some border issues, probably, yes, something arises with this. How, maybe, sometimes to defend the right to be like that. Well, and in words to defend, maybe I don't mean any aggressive actions. how to assimilate, or what, this in a suitable way for yourself. Or maybe you really need to react somehow, sometimes more sharply. Here you were talking about some kind of uncertainty, this, for example, is uncertainty for me. Well, I haven't felt it out yet, I haven't felt what to do with it.
Speaker A: Uncertainty about how... Well, that's what.
Speaker B: I've been talking, and there's nothing to cling to clearly. Here there is uncertainty, for example, what to do in such cases if someone, well, I don't know, doesn't let you not be yourself.
Speaker A: Doesn't let you be yourself or not.
Speaker B: Believes that you are... For example, he doesn't believe it, it's probably yes. How can he not let me be myself? But he does not believe, yes. Well, then... Is it worth getting upset? Well, it's just faith, it's some thoughts. But you, for example, said a small but very important phrase that I have some time to be silent, think, get used to. And only this phrase is yours, well, there is no desire to resist anymore. Well, it's okay. I'm a little lost, as if... As if, yes, here we need your help again, so that it can be seen more clearly... Well, what am I saying? It's like there's something behind the words right now... There's something hiding behind my words. I don't see it myself. Here. What do you see?
Speaker A: I don't see anything hiding. I think it's important that you want me to do something to make it clearer to you.
Speaker B: Yes, you are also saying something important.
Speaker A: Can I try... Can I ask you to try to describe your bodily sensations?
Speaker B: Yeah. I don't feel any clamps. I'm sitting, yes, everything is fine. Well, I feel comfortable, naturally, yes. That is, there are no clamps in the arms, legs, no, I don't feel that. And do you feel that? Some kind of relaxation, rather. Well, I said that I'm arriving gradually, and I think I'm definitely here. And it's like I have nothing to be afraid of in these walls, well, in this room. Yes, I think I'm here. And you're here. And entering into a new relationship, are you scared? Well, yes, with new people, yes, probably always. Well, there are a lot of uncertainties, and it also takes some time to get closer, get acquainted. I think, I think, it's also normal not to rush into rapprochement. The tension was probably when I was walking and waiting, but now... it's quiet now. I would like to thank you and myself, and you in particular for the fact that, well, with some seemingly inconspicuous phrases, small nuances, you just helped this process to open up.
Speaker A: And it's interesting to me, it's not the first time during our meeting that you seem to praise me, as if you're trying to support me that I'm doing something right, and somehow you celebrate it. Do you notice it? If so, why do you think you're doing this?
Speaker B: Yes, I have talked several times about what your actions are, right here, coming in, let's say. Here. What for? I pay attention to them. I feel like I'm straight, that's what I sometimes miss. This is right here reveals the thumbnails at the moment, now. Here. Well, it's probably something about some kind... Well, we are making contact with you right now. And here I am talking about what is important to me in this sense.
Speaker A: You're celebrating what I'm doing right.
Speaker B: Ah, that's the side I didn't notice, yes. That is, I also have some kind of idea. Well, yes, I probably have an idea of how you can behave. Well, in that sense, as a therapist.
Speaker A: Some kind of gentle. Yes, yes, yes, I still don't understand... Why, yes?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: To be honest, I am too... It seems to be an important aspect.
Speaker B: I can't say right now, clearly answer why. Well, this... Interesting observation, yes. Before that, I somehow had answers quickly, now there is no such thing. some kind of confusion. And what to do with it?
Speaker A: And what is this?
Speaker B: And you're like, well, you see, is that how you perceive it or, well, how do you see it? Well, it turns out that I have some idea how it should be. Is that right?
Speaker A: No.
Speaker B: Well, that's interesting to me... I marked exactly.
Speaker A: The fact that you are doing something to celebrate, as if to praise me. And I think somehow, what can it say about how you build a relationship. Yes, why is there such a need. Well, you've done it more than once, I wonder why?
Speaker B: I'm probably saying it suits me. Well, in a nutshell. It suits me, it's close to me. It's like I started looking for an assessment in your words first. Well, you are now... Do you have a grade? Well, me or not true. Well, you just clarified that it was just a statement of fact, not an assessment. This is also important. There's a little bit of excitement right now. Well, it's not clear to me, really, what is it? What kind of nuance is this? I have a question. If I can say what suits me, can I say what doesn't suit me? Well, that is, roughly speaking, if I can say "yes", but what about saying "no"?
Speaker A: And how would you answer this question?
Speaker B: Do you know how to say "no"? I think that over time I also learned to refuse what does not suit me now and in general. I think this is also an important skill. Perhaps the main one for finding peace.
Speaker A: Maybe there is something in our communication that you don't like?
Speaker B: Yes, I've been thinking about that too. No, I can't say that now. Well, I mean, I don't see yet what I didn't like. It feels like here we are to some question... we are touching on some issue, and I am so... I'm saying something about it, thinking about something. And somehow they calmly depart. We can move on. That's the feeling. I don't cling to them. About clinging, I said something at the very beginning about the past. That is, it turns out that some small pieces are digested and released. See, I'm not only praising you, but myself too. Before that, the body was a little bit like that, airy. Now it has become more grounded. Well, maybe heavier, but some kind... More corporeal. More stability. This is not such a cloud as the words about peace. It's like the wind to him. This feeling is somehow stable.
Speaker A: We still have 15 minutes of time. It feels like we have gone so far in the direction of the original request. I'd like to check. What else would you like to do in these 15 minutes?
Speaker B: I don't really feel like we've moved away from the original request. Probably, it was not clear enough for the initial request, and we have just made it clearer. And how it sounds in a clearer version. Good question now. Like, well, right now, maybe how to be yourself, something like that.
Speaker A: How to be yourself or with yourself?
Speaker B: With yourself and with yourself, by the way, this is also one of the components.
Speaker A: It's still like a very general phrase.
Speaker B: Yes, and it doesn't sound like a request, but rather some kind of interest in just something.
Speaker A: Yes, that's why I'm asking, it would be important to hear exactly the request, some place where there is energy.
Speaker B: Perhaps the request was revealed, again, by this opportunity to be silent, for example, for a minute or two, how much you need to think about. That's where I see some kind of request. I feel its realization. Now we seem to have penetrated a little deeper, no longer on the surface. Yes, I want something, I want to dig something even deeper. I can't say right now.
Speaker A: Why? Why dig deeper?
Speaker B: Why? An interesting question too.
Speaker A: If we've had enough... Note that all my questions are strictly clarifying.
Speaker B: Well, yes, just clarifying what I don't pay attention to, for example. In general, is there this question? Well, yes, why dig deeper if we are already deep enough... Here I liked this grounded state that I was talking about. Now it's like my head is starting to spin somewhere again, we go into abstractions. And this is a state of stability, here it is pleasant. Maybe and, well, there is some kind of request in this. How can I make myself more stable. Well, or what gives instability already. And what does stability give you in this case? Well, some kind of understanding that in general I like the way I am, what happens to me, what I do. This in itself is sustainable. somehow else it just adds energy, you still definitely said about well, in the last 15 minutes you lost the thread, Yes, now you are completely lost. Once led for some reason and got lost in it. Well, nothing. The opportunity to come back again. If you don't dig deeper, you can... In general, do I need to do something? Or maybe you can not dig deeper, but wider?
Speaker A: I am still tormented by the question, why?
Speaker B: That's why?
Speaker A: That's good. You can dig as much as you want and in all directions. The question is, why?
Speaker B: Yes, it's like I pulled myself out of this balance of some kind. Yes, as if something needs to move somewhere necessarily. Although you can stay where you are and look around again where I am. Yes, I am returning to the body again. I'm laughing a little now, it's necessary to dig something with this desire. To fuss as if. Well, yes, as if the question "why?" disappears a little. The essence... well, about some goals. In contrast to him, somehow processes, or something. Well, whatever I do, maybe that's the point. In that� Well, in the process of doing.
Speaker A: At the very beginning, you formulated your question in such a way that you would like to understand how you are new, where you are new to move. That you were old, this past is going away, nostalgia somehow becomes easier, and now you are new, and I would like to understand what to do with this new set of everything.
Speaker B: Are we moving in this direction? It was clear to me what I was moving towards and why. Some vectors, applications of forces, they were already clear to me. I was interested, maybe, in the difference between these two people. The old me and the new me. I think we have discussed this quite well. Yes, I'm in some place right now. Well, I'm kind of marking time a little bit. What we discussed is important. And now I kind of don't know where to go next. Apparently, I answered most of the questions to myself. And now I'm thinking. Mind such boredom arose. So, what else to ask, what? While I'm watching, probably more. That's more important now. There is already quite a lot of material that I want to digest. Yes, maybe there is some kind of fatigue. The question is why dig further, it rather turns out that you need rest to regain strength. That's the answer I got. Well, yes, I think... Now I'll go outside, take a walk, get some air, it will restore my strength. Some such thoughts now.
Speaker A: Are you already internally ending the meeting?
Speaker B: Probably, yes. Something like that. I felt a kind of fatigue. It's nice that a lot of work has been done. It is logical now that you need to rest.
Speaker A: We have 5 more minutes. We are standing at a fork in the road and you choose the road. We can finish a little earlier. We can occupy these 5 minutes with something. Or your suggestions.
Speaker B: Well, yes, some results. I'm glad I came here today. And I am grateful to you for some discoveries that I managed to make. Not even discoveries, but more observations of myself, which I got clearer. So, the feeling of fatigue, as it were, also partially passed. I think, yes, we can finish. I have some sense of completeness. Good. Thank you. Thank you.
Speaker A: It may seem strange to you, but, in my opinion, this is the clearest consultation that has been. I'll explain why. Because the whole process and the result fully corresponded to the client's request. If you remember, at the very beginning the client said that he would like to feel himself. And, in general, that's exactly what we did for almost 50 minutes. The client wanted to be groped, and we groped him. I think you've seen it too. My work was built around what I was trying to look at from one side, to look at from the other side, and the client felt like he was slipping out of my hands. But the result has been achieved. And I think it's important. And in general, it seems to me very important to follow the client's request. If we talk about the future, if this client had chosen long-term therapy there and would have come to it, then probably the work would have been built around such a gradual crystallization of what is happening inside him. By, again, probing similar to what happened today. The countertransference is similar. My feelings were similar. In that sense, I also felt that somehow the range of action is small, that we somehow walk at a very short distance. Well, yes, it is. How can a psychologist withstand frustration and uncertainty? learn to withstand it. Not all clients come with some kind of clear step-by-step work. And it is important to remember that the essence of psychotherapy is in therapeutic relationships. Our task is not to lead as quickly as possible from point A to point B, but to give the client a supportive, empathic, and unappreciative relationship. And in this sense, it is such an important skill to be able to follow the client wherever he goes. And do not include yourself there, do not try to turn the client somewhere in the other direction. That is, you can make some attempts, but let's try to look there. But if the client stops, it is important for us not to drag him somewhere where he clearly does not want at the moment.