Speaker B: I quickly seized on this idea, completely adventurous. And after we agreed, she began to reason. I had a day to decide what brought me. And, probably, on the one hand, there is a problem, and on the other hand, there is a problem of my attitude to this problem. Well, let's just say, in general terms, there is no such relationship. And, probably, during the days that I had, to sort out the situation, understanding that, probably, I'm not going into a relationship in principle and never have been. Even if I find myself in them, I jump out of them instantly quickly. Probably, we already know a lot, we are very gifted thanks to the entry into the information field of psychologists of the highest level, wonderful people, and we generally know everything, we already know a lot, and the illusion of understanding our problem is created. We know about the trauma of generations, we know about what our parents could and what they could not, about what average families were in our post-Soviet space, which ones we have now, from which families we came out, how important it is what my mother said, how important it was that there was a dependent, weak dad. That is, in principle, everything is clear to me, and without going to a psychologist, I say to myself, well, everything is clear to me. And I never think in any therapy. And when I think that no, I can't cope, I need to talk to someone, another problem arises. You understand that the socio-demographic situation, the completely objective social situation in the country, and all these unhappy women, 35 plus with a child, running to psychologists, to consultations, they have no chance of anything. And I reasoned this, and time goes by, and another problem has already arrived with age, when you realize that there were no chances before, now there are no chances at all. And how appropriate it is to solve the problem, You will deprive yourself of it within yourself, but it also depends on what kind of environment you are in. You solve it, for example, but nothing will change. This is all that, I don't know, on a desert island to discuss with a psychologist, where for some reason, for example, you would have the Internet. to discuss with a psychologist the fear of entering into a relationship, and there are monkeys jumping around you and some saber-toothed tigers, and in fact you need to figure out how, I don't know, to get clean water, how to survive here in general. You're not talking about that, you don't have anyone around here.
Speaker A: It sounds very sad what you are saying. That's it. As if there is such hopelessness in this. What's the point of doing something if it doesn't lead to anything.
Speaker B: Well, actually, yes. I came, probably, not so much with a problem, but how much with a question, well, sell me this idea that it needs to be solved. Why solve it?
Speaker A: Would you like me to sell you an idea, why do you need to solve a relationship problem?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: I'm afraid I'm not a marketer.
Speaker B: Well, tell, well, what it needs to be done. What for?
Speaker A: What are your tears about?
Speaker B: Well, that time goes by and I don't do anything. Lost time. Well, that there is no one to blame.
Speaker A: No one to blame?
Speaker B: Yes. Not apart from myself.
Speaker A: Do you want to blame someone?
Speaker B: Well, yes, time was spent on this, of course. In search of the guilty, yes. Well, according to this standard scheme. which we all went through when we began to understand, probably from some years. The parent family, moms, dads, grandmothers, that's all. And through these stages you go and disassemble, disassemble and see. You come to the conclusion that you are still responsible. Well yes. Well, I just thought it might be important to people like me.
Speaker A: What exactly can be important?
Speaker B: To understand why to move, to move from a place. To move from a place, to start moving somewhere, regardless of age and situation.
Speaker A: And why?
Speaker B: I don't know yet.
Speaker A: You would like it to be useful to others, to convey some information to them, but at the same time you do not have this confidence yourself.
Speaker B: No. Yes.
Speaker A: So maybe you don't need to?
Speaker B: Maybe you don't need to. Maybe not necessary, yes. That is, when you decide that you are already behind yourself, that's it. You get behind yourself and live as you are. You're not digging into anything. You're not working on anything. Where is this line?
Speaker A: Is this a question for me? Or is this a rhetorical question?
Speaker B: This is a rhetorical question that... Well, this is the question that I ask myself, to which I want to find an answer.
Speaker A: It feels like you want to make some kind of final decision. Here you need to decide whether you will ever have a relationship or whether you will never have a relationship at all. Either to strive, or not to strive. Well, as if there is some kind of finiteness in the question that you are posing. Like here we put a point, and something further begins from this point.
Speaker B: Either work or not work. Or some other job.
Speaker A: What is work? What would be a job in this case? If you decided that it made sense to build a relationship, what would follow?
Speaker B: Some kind of work with this fear.
Speaker A: With fear of what?
Speaker B: Relationships.
Speaker A: What are you afraid of in a relationship?
Speaker B: Well, I guess it's me somehow... But it's still clear that I had some kind of relationship, and, probably, this moment of cooling and ending was more deposited in my memory than the beginning and something so beautiful. And I, starting to communicate with a person, in principle, already see how he will merge me and merge himself, how he will get out of the relationship, how he will tie them, how he will throw. when we start to feel that everything is ending. I even start and see, I understand where you will merge, how you will talk to me, how you will crawl away. And when you saw it already at the initial stage, well, that's it. It's no longer interesting, I know everything.
Speaker A: At the initial stage of the relationship, do you already imagine how your relationship will break up?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: I don't even know how to react. But somehow it's sad. It's sad and somehow painful.
Speaker B: Well, yes.
Speaker A: I'm trying to imagine if, when entering into a relationship, I would think about how they would end, how they would leave me. Or how I'll throw.
Speaker B: Would you go with them?
Speaker A: I don't know, it seems to me that here is a question for this very one... to this very dynamic of building relationships. Well, that is, it would probably be difficult for me to build a relationship if I initially knew that they would end and how they would end. I probably wouldn't have started. In this sense, I understand what you are talking about.
Speaker B: Well, that's how it happens.
Speaker A: Can you tell us about some of your past relationships? I understand that you have a child?
Speaker B: Yes. Well, you know, the child appeared there already at the age of 30, and, probably, this was already such a step. Well, it will work. If a friend of a friend, a brother, meets along the way, well, okay. If not, well, no, then I just need a child, and I stop there. And in fact, there was a direct falling in love, and in fact there was everything... Everything was fine. Everything was fine. But we got together quickly enough, we met quickly, we got together quickly, and he was very much in love. Well, it was, in general, wonderful for me. We probably fit together. The child wanted, and I wanted, and we worked on it. And then this story began when I see that a person does not need it. Well, when some claims began, I was pregnant, there was a rather difficult beginning of pregnancy, I went on a business trip, there was something heavy somewhere, and then I lay in the hospital for a month, I lay at home for a month. with toxicosis, with endless crawling around the toilet. Claims began. I saw a man moving away, moving away. The complaints started, and we broke up about the third month of pregnancy. Well, we parted not like people who, in fact, will have a child at all, well, but just like some last conversation on the phone. Well, some kind of accusations. Some kind of accusations. Despite the fact that his mother even came to me at the hospital. Not to the maternity hospital, but to the hospital where I was lying on preservation. Here. That's all. when then, well, years later, there, well, for many years I talked to his sister, and that's enough, well, it's a decent family, there, mom is an honored school teacher, dad is a coach, they are parents who worked with children at school themselves, dear people, and I asked his sister, how your family made this decision, you knew, and he said it wasn't from him. What? That it's not from him. That is, he somehow quickly replayed this story and said that it was not from him. Well, he got married pretty quickly, then it's about there... That it wasn't his child. That it's not his child, yes. Yes. Told his family that it's all canceled, it's not his. Well, this is the moment of the breakup, it ended like this. That is, I saw that there is no tenderness, there is no closeness, your touch is unpleasant, unpleasant to him, your company is unpleasant in principle. And I really want to understand that in such a situation, this person is not some kind of unemployed, uneducated tramp. A person with a position, with an education. The only way to get away was to blame. not to say, because any conversation about the fact that listen, I can't, I don't want to, I've fallen out of love, it assumes a certain "but". I participated in it, I will be there, but I didn't even want to talk about it. It's so expensive, for God's sake. I don't want to, I wanted a new wonderful life, a beautiful one. So yes, it was an accusation of something. And that's the story. I survived it quite easily, I was pregnant, there are pregnant women in general, apparently, half, well, there is no way to disperse all these emotions, these sufferings, they cannot be dispersed, you are protected from this, because you need to save the child, save it all, and I survived it quite easily, then I didn't take it as, well, I had a bad thing about the child, but it was easy enough about me. But somehow I realized, well, okay. Given the fact that I really understood that I would never be able to create a full-fledged family, I have no complaints.
Speaker A: It's just that so far your story sounds like you're very understanding, very loyal, though... It's a lot of work, yes.
Speaker B: This is labor. No, of course there were complaints. Of course, there were complaints, but this is hard work, a lot of work. I have never said anything bad to a child about him. In general, only respectful relationships. Everyone makes mistakes, everyone gets confused. I don't think we have any problems here. Everything that had to be said was discussed with the child.
Speaker A: I would like to ask again, what would you like to see as a result of our meeting?
Speaker B: Well, gaining some kind of strength, still move in this. But to gain some kind of strength, confidence that such problems still need to be solved.
Speaker A: Such?
Speaker B: Well, with these fears and with this anticipation of a breakup at the very initial stage. To try. The power to try.
Speaker A: A little earlier you said that you needed me to sell you this idea somehow.
Speaker B: Well, yes. Either there, or there, again, yes. Or to be told that it still makes sense to try something.
Speaker A: How can someone say that?
Speaker B: We are always waiting for some kind of resolution.
Speaker A: I really don't know. I can't judge whether you should have a relationship or not. It is worth moving somewhere or not worth it. It will work or it will not work. Yes, it is. Well, unfortunately it is.
Speaker B: So. Well, let's say if I decide that it's worth it, well, at least that it's clear that no one can guarantee or promise anything. Well, at least know where to start.
Speaker A: What does this mean? Where to start what?
Speaker B: Well, where to start working on this fear.
Speaker A: Do you need to decide first? And it's like you want to jump right to the next stage. Yes. Are you angry now? At me?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: No?
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: I just think that you're asking me direct questions, and I'm not giving an answer to them in any way. I wonder how you all feel about it.
Speaker B: Well, I know it is, but you honestly, honestly, honestly can't give me an answer.
Speaker A: I know what you know, but do you feel what it is?
Speaker B: I feel it. That everything is right, no, there is no aggression, no resentment, no, well, what else can he say, well, so, so. Everything is right. That's right, yes.
Speaker A: That's right, but there are tears in my eyes.
Speaker B: Well, it's hard with this.
Speaker A: I'm asking, what do you feel?
Speaker B: Well, something difficult when stuck in this kind of vicious circle. It's hard to get out. It's hard to get out. Probably more angry with yourself.
Speaker A: And why are you mad at yourself?
Speaker B: Well, for not being able to cope with fear, overcome it. And you see only the bad, you can't do anything about it.
Speaker A: Well, it's really difficult with regards to that. Difficult, painful and without a guarantee.
Speaker B: Difficult, painful and without a guarantee. Well, people somehow go into it. Someone is not afraid.
Speaker A: I don't know about these.
Speaker B: Yes?
Speaker A: It's really scary. It's scary to get close, it's scary to go into a relationship, it's scary to be abandoned, it's scary to fall out of love, it's scary to be disappointed. But relationships are scary and difficult. This is certainly something that compensates for all this difficult part, but there is no getting away from it. There are crises in relationships, there are quarrels, there are conflicts and reproaches.
Speaker B: It's scary to stop loving this story, yes, when you yourself can't guarantee anything.
Speaker A: Well, yes.
Speaker B: It's probably scary to do the same as they did to me.
Speaker A: And what will it hurt?
Speaker B: Well, they did that to me, yes, that's right, I've been stuck there for many, many years in this situation. Don't you want to do the same to a person?
Speaker A: Well, yes.
Speaker B: Yes, there is probably a fear of harm. Yes, you probably know, the fear of harming and hurting a person is really stronger, because you yourself have already gone through all this, and, in principle, you will cope. But this will also hurt. With him.
Speaker A: There is some guile in this.
Speaker B: Ruin it all with yourself.
Speaker A: There is some guile in this. Well, you talk about how stuck you are after the breakup. How many feelings and experiences it caused you. The fact that you, in general, are still afraid to have a relationship for a long time. It's difficult for you, but you can't cope. It hurts you. But what you're saying is that you're worried about a second one. Which is not there yet and it is unknown when it will be. In this sense, it is cunning. I believe, of course, in... How is that?
Speaker B: Into... empathy.
Speaker A: Into empathy, yes.
Speaker B: And off the scale.
Speaker A: And taking care of others. But... The damage has been done to you.
Speaker B: Maybe, yes.
Speaker A: And anyway, it's harder to meet with your pain.
Speaker B: With his? Well, probably, yes. Yes. Yes. And what to do with it? How to work with this, with fear?
Speaker A: Every time you ask for some instructions on how to overcome fear, how to work with it, how to want to build relationships. No one can give these answers. Well, going to therapy, I would say so.
Speaker B: Go to therapy?
Speaker A: Answering the question of what to do with it, how to work with it, I would say to go to personal therapy. I do not know any other ways.
Speaker B: Listen, well, I also have this attitude, I know so many people in this therapy who have been in therapy for years, nothing changes, I see that this is just such a cool lifestyle.
Speaker A: What's what?
Speaker B: Well, that's the way of life, I'm in therapy, that's so cool, but I don't see any changes, maybe they're somewhere deep inside.
Speaker A: It's interesting that it doesn't seem to make sense either.
Speaker B: Yes, it doesn't make sense. I'm looking, guys, but you just have a resource, you have money, time, and you don't really want to solve your problems. And say that you are in therapy. I have such an attitude to it.
Speaker A: Do you think you won't like my question now, and who doesn't want to solve their problems anymore? Someone who has been going to therapy for years and continues to do it? Or the one who does not go there at all, saying that there is no point in it?
Speaker B: Well, at least sometimes these and others.
Speaker A: Well, you know what I mean. Yes, of course. This is really important. You're saying there's no point in having a relationship, there's no point in going into therapy. And I think that this is, in general, a universal way to not go somewhere at all. Initially, to devalue, initially to say that there is no reason for this, and it does not help people, and the relationship is evil there, and everyone will leave each other anyway, and life is rotten. And then you can do nothing at all, as it were. And you can do nothing, but I think it's important to be honest with yourself.
Speaker B: Yes. Yes. Well, I want quick solutions, of course. Yes, I want quick solutions, easy ones.
Speaker A: But there are none. This is life. Everything is done here for a long time.
Speaker B: Yes. You know, I'm in this regard, well, I really somehow, for some reason, I always am... The next room is being renovated today. Always more... Well, you twist that... Well, it's late. And it starts late about immediately. This late starts about right away. And it was always too late.
Speaker A: I didn't quite get the idea.
Speaker B: Well, it's too late to do something already. that the time is lost and it's already too late. But at the same time I understand that I was thinking about the same way at the age of 25. At 25, I also thought that it was already too late. The time has changed a little, we have a little more, but still you twist that everything is late.
Speaker A: Something is late, something is not late. This is essentially fear. It's fear that speaks in these words. The idea that everything is late and there is no point in starting says that it's just very scary to go there. Scary, difficult, unpredictable.
Speaker B: That's probably the answer. That there will be no guarantee, right? That this is endless work and there will be no guarantee? And the thought that you can handle yourself?
Speaker A: I didn't understand the question.
Speaker B: All the time it seems that you can handle it yourself.
Speaker A: With what?
Speaker B: With these fears. Why aren't you coming yet? Because you think you'll figure it out somehow?
Speaker A: Well, maybe. Everything can be.
Speaker B: But it doesn't work.
Speaker A: Maybe you'll figure it out, maybe you won't.
Speaker B: Yes. Well, that's something like that.
Speaker A: What are you thinking about?
Speaker B: Well, that's about how I get behind the wheel. About the same way I struggle with the fear of driving. It's the same thing. I really complain about myself.
Speaker A: And how long have you been driving?
Speaker B: Long. Long. A little bit, very little bit. And so, one step forward, two steps back. Well, this is not the case in all spheres.
Speaker A: Where is it different?
Speaker B: At work, in some work issues. Decisions are made quickly, connections and some communications are quickly established. That is, this is not the case in all spheres. Well, I won't say that it's super and completely fine, but it's okay, it will work with my father. Maybe. I'm already starting to wonder if everything is all right or how it is with fears.
Speaker A: And what do you do if it's not you?
Speaker B: I'm selling. Well, I'm selling. Resell. I sell there too... I organize events. Sponsored stories. That is, it's a lot of people, a lot of communication, a lot of communication. Such a move. There's no time to be afraid.
Speaker A: And what helps you there? Well, if we proceed from the fact that there are areas where you are somehow normally realized, there are areas where you are afraid, then what helps where everything works out.
Speaker B: Probably, such a compressed time frame. The lack of a sense of endless time for this, and the lack of the ability to postpone. Postpone, yes. External conditions. External conditions, yes. We just need to be quick, there's no time to be afraid. We take and do, and jump. Also some kind of fear, uncertainty, some kind of new contact. Yes, the lack of time that cannot be lost.
Speaker A: Well, yes, it's interesting. Well, there are no such things in your own life.
Speaker B: And life, yes, it seems, yes, there is still time. By the way, here.
Speaker A: There are no clear checkpoints here.
Speaker B: You can pull.
Speaker A: You can drive, you don't have to. You can build relationships, you can not build.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: It's up to you to decide.
Speaker B: It's interesting, yes. It turns out that the key question is time.
Speaker A: I would say, not time, but your own motivation, your own desire.
Speaker B: Own and external circumstances.
Speaker A: There can be no circumstances in your personal life in the external.
Speaker B: Yes, well, they spur you on in your work and you absolutely give up in your personal life. There is no reporting here.
Speaker A: Well, yes, and that's the point. After all, you came and asked, sell me the idea so that I could start building a relationship. As if some kind of external structure is also needed.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Someone from outside who will tell. Come on.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Let's go.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: I'm sorry.
Speaker B: And so I want to do what? I ask the question again what to do? do something right? Did you want to do something?
Speaker A: I don't know.
Speaker B: Well, this is the first small step, probably that I came here.
Speaker A: Did you expect this?
Speaker B: Listen, well, I didn't really build any expectations. Well, I don't know, I'll think about it now. I was expecting. What did I expect? Maybe permission to do nothing? And that you can do nothing?
Speaker A: Nothing. So you expected that something like this would happen here, that you would have permission to do nothing?
Speaker B: Yes, either the permission to do nothing, or the words that no, you can do something else.
Speaker A: I can say that. I give you permission to do and not do. You can do it, you can not do it.
Speaker B: Well, that's good too. What's good? well, to understand that the responsibility is on you. And once again, in addition to this, how would I remind you that only you are responsible. I'm really free, and there are no limits. Neither temporary, nor any other. Well, that's cool. Freedom is also cool.
Speaker A: And I think it's also sad.
Speaker B: And sad.
Speaker A: I do not know about you.
Speaker B: Of course, it's sad. Sad, yes. Sadly. It's just that, yes, I have just such an attitude to therapy. People go there, and Gigi, and they'll tell you everything there now. You will be taken by the handle and guided along this path. Probably, it's just as sad there that you will just be given back your responsibility for all this. We'll see.
Speaker A: We still have 15 minutes.
Speaker B: Another 15 minutes? No, 10. Yes, perhaps everything is clear. Well, it's like about adulthood. This is probably a story about growing up, yes. I didn't become a mom last July. Probably, it somehow correlates with this, that I ended up here and actually agreed to some kind of adulthood simply. It's just that, probably, when parents leave, this adulthood actually comes. Calmly. Well, it was coming to that. It was coming to this. It was coming to this, I understood. I understood and ... Probably, it was as sparing as possible to all participants in the process. Here. And as gently and carefully as possible. And here I also have no complaints about this death. Here. And she died in her sleep. in general, it's calm, but it also takes time, probably, we didn't have enough of a day, this last day and morning, when I discovered her, to finally build some kind of adult relationship. This was probably the last such morning when I separated and was ready to build a new adult relationship. That morning she was gone. Well, now, probably, it's all caught up with me, this coming of adulthood.
Speaker A: I mean, right now?
Speaker B: Probably, yes. Well, that no one restricts you, and no one will lead you by the hand. Nowhere.
Speaker A: Well, yes.
Speaker B: Well, the circle has closed.
Speaker A: Strictly speaking, now you have someone to lead by the hand?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: I'm talking about the child.
Speaker B: Well, she's already like that... Very mature.
Speaker A: How old is she?
Speaker B: Seventeen. Seventeen. Yes. Already such... The guys are mature. I'm just the rear. They are mature and much more aware than we are, of course. Therefore, only my adult life is really important from me here. My full adult life. She, in fact, will be such a saw. There is no need to drive by the hand there anymore. It turned out about growing up.
Speaker A: Well, actually.
Speaker B: Yes? About the fear of growing up. About the fear of growing up. No relationship, nothing would be there.
Speaker A: Well, yes, somehow she was so over-transformed, yes.
Speaker B: Well, you surprised me.
Speaker A: Our whole life is a relationship. In the sense that if there is a question in your own relationship with a partner, then most often it is a question for all other relationships too. With life, with yourself. Well, because all relationships are built approximately the same.
Speaker B: Yes. It's unexpected. An unexpected turn for me. Look, you've framed it.
Speaker A: What's what?
Speaker B: You set a time frame. He said we have 10 minutes. Look, I'm kind of... And the work went. And the work went. That's how it works for me. That's how you see it.
Speaker A: After all, you have achieved your goal.
Speaker B: Yes. Interesting. Well, at least it became clear where to look.
Speaker A: That's it. Finished?
Speaker B: I think so.
Speaker A: The feeling that somehow everything that could be said has been said.
Speaker B: Yes, it all passed with understanding.
Speaker A: Thank you for coming.
Speaker B: Thank you for this opportunity. It's very cool.
Speaker A: If you noticed, our meeting was held according to a certain dynamic. At first I was quite soft, well, as it usually happens, and then over time I became tougher, firmer. And there are reasons for this. In this session, I set my task to return the responsibility for his life to the client. And, in general, she confirmed it herself, she said it herself, that this was the most important thing for her. And I had two options, strictly speaking, in this place. Or completely frustrate the client, as my operator recommended to me, she is also a psychologist. Or become tougher and somehow firmly return responsibility for her life. You can do it, you can not do it. There are no guarantees. And it gave the result, apparently. In general, my sincere belief is that the more helpless the client or some person who is conditionally familiar seems, the more powerful he really is. Because in fact, there is a huge force behind all this, which is usually expressed in the form of such a kind... What should I call it? such pressure, some kind of quiet power, but there is a lot of power there. And in this case, our work further, if it were, it would be aimed at bringing this force out of the shadows into the light. in order to make all this energy, all this aggression, in the good sense of the word, visible, so that the client has the feeling that she manages her own life. Because as long as I don't openly show aggression, in the good sense of the word, I don't feel like I'm in control of something. Then I will be in the reality of being betrayed, abandoned, there is no point in starting anything. But we know that there is. And there is exactly when you feel the strength that you can do it, and you feel the strength when you have the opportunity to express yourself, your energy. I can fantasize that if you dig around, there is generally quite a lot of anger, disagreement, resentment, discontent. I had a feeling that the client was angry with me. I had a feeling that the client, well, she was putting pressure on me. She asks direct questions. How can I live? What should I do? Come on, tell me. I had a feeling of such pressure. I've tried to clarify this, but it hasn't worked out yet. Well, in this sense, the relationship with me in this session was probably built in the same way as they would be built in external life.