Speaker B: I was led by the fact that, in general, I have been asking the same question for about five years. I've been married for seven years. I am worried all the time that every time there are some emotional situations tense in communication with my husband, I have a wild desire to end the relationship, get out of marriage. For me, this is strange, because, let's say, with friends, I don't have such stories with anyone, but only with this person, only with my husband. And before, I always, as soon as my relationship was not satisfied with something, my relationship did not last longer than a month, the longest was a year and a half, and then 7 years, it's right you can already put up a monument to me. So, I have this dilemma all the time, that is, I do not have any final decision to leave or stay, and I am tormented by this question all the time. I want to deal with this issue for myself, not to decide here and now and today, yes, to stay or not, but to understand, maybe, what this story is connected with. Here, and there, most likely, I will pick up. But I don't understand why it torments me all the time. I sometimes fall asleep wondering if I want to be with this person anymore. I wake up, then everything seems to be fine, and after a while... Well, I mean, I'm constantly swinging on this swing. Although there are none... there are probably reasons to consider the relationship bad. Well, that is, a completely prosperous family, it seems. The only thing is that we don't have children. We had failed IVF, and we both have infertility. And even against the background of this complexity in the relationship, we seem to have a common opinion, we have common values, that is, the same. We are both from Asia, I am from Kazakhstan, he is from Kyrgyzstan. But we are both Russians, and our values are very similar. I'm going through these different logical levels, I see that there is a lot in common. But there is a feeling that... Why does this desire probably arise? I have a feeling that he doesn't understand me at all, despite the fact that we have common values. My passion is wild psychology, my work, my hyper-responsibility in this in everything. There is a feeling that he lacks my attention. He periodically complains to me about this. And I have no interest in doing any household chores. That is, I can do it on weekends, but on weekdays I have neither the strength nor the desire to do it. And here there is a constant misunderstanding. And he is such a real working specialist, a foreman at a construction site. Here. And we are a little bit different with him in this only, probably, that he has a clear understanding of what family is, family values. Here. And what should a woman do at home? And how should it all be? Here.
Speaker A: And what should I do?
Speaker B: Meet her husband with a job. Well, exaggerated, of course. I sometimes, when he ignites in this regard, sometimes I have a feeling that I should, like our dog in common, come running with slippers in my teeth, waving my tail like that. It's ironic. I translate a joke from time to time, but when I have the resource to joke, sometimes it's not there.
Speaker A: Ironic, but sad.
Speaker B: Very, yes. Yes, it's sad. For me. And I have repeatedly, that's what I said, I have brought this question to therapy for many years, and I have repeatedly lived through the separation. That is, I was either in tonatotherapy, or else in some specific techniques, living through the period of separation, and all the time there was some kind of irresistible longing, or something, when I imagined that this relationship was destined to break up. Now we no longer have a relationship, it's been 9 years, some transitions into the future. But the last time I resorted to this story, I was comfortable, that is, I felt so relieved that this would not happen. And in the end, I'm still in this relationship. In general, here as there... In general, I'm here with this today.
Speaker A: What would you like to get at the output? For myself.
Speaker B: On the way out? The dilemma.
Speaker A: Well, yes.
Speaker B: At the exit, I probably would like to understand for myself the value of what I have now, what I have. What is it? What keeps me so tight in this relationship? Is it a feeling of love or is it still some kind of material stories? That is, sensual or logical. But if this is exclusively my rational, some kind of mercantile side, then in this case I would probably decide in this relationship how I would be able to provide for myself, and most likely I would interrupt this relationship. If it is, after all, that is, we are like.
Speaker A: It's like we're approaching the question of breaking up or leaving again. Break up or stay.
Speaker B: Break up or stay, yes. And if these are still deep sincere feelings, then in this case the search.
Speaker A: What if both?
Speaker B: Both.
Speaker A: It's like you want to put on the scales. Commercialism, feeling.
Speaker B: It's like one without the other.
Speaker A: But it can also be so.
Speaker B: And so. If both.
Speaker A: And overall I don't think that's how it works. That there is some kind of scale by which people understand. Like this. Now I'm breaking up, now I'm staying.
Speaker B: An interesting thought. Why didn't I reach her?
Speaker A: I will share that you actually somehow identified three difficulties. The first difficulty is that you are thinking about whether to stay in this relationship or leave. The second difficulty is that it is difficult for you to cope with these emotional states regarding your crises. You said that you are being strongly tolerated. And against the background of these states, there are just thoughts that you would like to finish all this. And the third story is about the fact that in general, well, apparently, with all the generality and unity you have... There is no word that I would like to say out loud. With some unity of your values, there are still some fundamental differences in views, on life and on relationships. These are all slightly different stories. From each of these stories, you can talk about her.
Speaker B: First. Maybe... Maybe... Pancake. I'm straight... My operating system has slowed down. Something there... Something is coming in there.
Speaker A: Where you can think as much as you need.
Speaker B: Probably, due to the solution of various tasks now, the most important thing for me is to learn how to cope with these thoughts about ending a relationship, or rather to find strength in myself.
Speaker A: I don't know, even words are hard to come by.
Speaker B: It's like there's a feeling that if I don't know where I got this thing from, that if I just keep the focus on the relationship that I have, I'm letting the opportunity to do something more. Here I remember a dream that I saw. I see a lot of them, I have more than one and a half thousand dreams recorded. I had a dream when we boarded a huge, huge ship. At the same time, he talked about doing something within the framework of the ship, and I understood that I needed to solve issues within the framework of the ocean in which this ship had left. and not to save the life of some finite small cell of society, like a family, but to save the lives of more people. And in this regard, we have a huge discrepancy, because I see my tasks much wider if I focus only on this small cell here. Yes, I will not be able to solve them. To me, most likely, this is a dilemma. As if I would betray not only myself, but also a huge number of people if I only do something narrow. That's probably the problem. In short, I don't want to devote myself only to my husband.
Speaker A: That's so simple and clear. The question is, how does the husband feel about this?
Speaker B: With the resentment and jealousy of a small child. He begins to protest, to be indignant, especially when I am deeply immersed in solving these problems, questions. He sees this passion and it feels like he has a lot of anger in this direction at this moment. At this moment, his outbursts of claims begin. and it is difficult for you to cope with them. At least it became clear what I want.
Speaker A: And how does it sound?
Speaker B: I want to devote myself to large-scale tasks, so that I don't invest in this meaning.
Speaker A: I'm also wondering what it could be, what tasks are we talking about?
Speaker B: To create a project as it is in the process of development and this is not the second one in the first one, I just realize myself as an assistant consultant that's what I want to do, I want to create a kind of society for the development of children's talent, so, accordingly, find funding and organize institutions, and not on the territory of St. PetersburgSt. Petersburg, and throughout Russia, are somewhat similar to a certain network in which, according to a certain program, children undergo various kinds of development, support, in particular, the opportunity to develop meta-skills, the ability to survive, to live. to be, let's say, integral at the moments of some permutations, changing circumstances, and so on. These are just teenagers. Because even though we have a fairly developed society now, there are still those who need this help.
Speaker A: And why exactly such a project? He's so very specific. Why are you interested in this particular direction?
Speaker B: Yes, there were a lot of different circumstances. If I used to just avoid communicating with children, well, as you know, I probably have some kind of compensation due to the fact that I don't have my own children, that's it... There is a desire to be a big mom. Some kind of good mom. All-Russian. Not Mother Teresa, of course, but nevertheless there is something in it. How to serve in this way?
Speaker A: Ambitious. Touching. Do you assume that your spouse will be against it?
Speaker B: Rather, I don't assume. There is a feeling that I, probably, somewhere inside myself, also treat him with some kind of meta-position, a series of non-equal we are with him, and I put myself a little bit above him, and this may be the difficulty. For some reason, I don't think it's enough... I don't know. from the point of view of psychology, I am developed, although stupidly I can be wrong, because there, by force, when I feel very bad, this is the only person in my life who is able to withstand my emotions. I mean, I haven't met anyone there in my 37 long years. Who could, when I'm either very sad, bad and disgusting, or when I'm very angry, just come up to me and say everything will be fine, well, that is, not there to connect to me there, too, start swearing or something else on the contrary, just go well, something and it's of course it's very resource-intensive Well, I probably need to think about something with myself about my own attitude, too. Why do I consider my husband insufficiently developed or unworthy, the achievement of the same goals with me, some kind of earthly life, the opportunity for me to switch from my own high matters to... generally be grounded. As it were. This is something I probably should have worked on.
Speaker A: You said at the very beginning that these big thoughts are five years old from the family that you are together. Is there a point of reference? You just called it that very specifically.
Speaker B: Yes, there is a starting point. I started studying at the Institute of Psychological Counseling. I had a higher education in psychology before, I received it in Kazakhstan, but there was no practice. And 10 years later, being already married, I returned to this question and something happened there at some point in some consultation for some reason I asked myself this question and since then I remember being very angry with jazz, maybe even offended by the question of a training therapist about, and you love him at all, so you kind of took off. It seems to me that at that moment something like this was sown in me, whether I love him or I don't love him, I began to ask myself this question at all. Although before I didn't doubt for a moment that I have a strong feeling for this person.
Speaker A: You probably studied in harmony?
Speaker B: No, in the new century.
Speaker A: After two years of your relationship, you somehow had doubts.
Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes.
Speaker A: And they haven't left since.
Speaker B: Yes. And just two years later, then the whole psychosomatics began. Well, at that moment. Nine-month allergies started there, and so on. Well, that is, the body began to just give hellish failures in general.
Speaker A: Nine-month allergy?
Speaker B: I was allergic to allergic rhinitis for nine months.
Speaker A: It is interesting that this date coincides with the gestation period.
Speaker B: I'm curious too. Well okay. Well, we probably, at that moment in time, our mother-in-law just got the keys to the apartment, but she couldn't move, and she lived with us for a year and three months for eight days.
Speaker A: A year, three months and eight days?
Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes. You were happy, I understand. Saul. And she left, I immediately lost three kilograms in four days. My allergy has gone away. But the complications after it still remained.
Speaker A: No, no, no, no, no.
Speaker B: Well, apparently, it was mine, because she came to me right now, I brought her to the clinic today, I see how well she treats me. Well, in general, in general, I think that my husband and I probably have two brothers, so, she's lonely, well, a widow, and her second man ran away from her, so, she survived cancer, well, that is, such a heavy woman too, and we have the same name, and the professions are the same, well, she already had, and I, respectively, still have now. And she and I, it feels like we were competing for her son's attention. I had such a struggle with her all the time. But not now. Now, on the contrary, she needs some kind of support, something else. It's as if we are in a united coalition with her now. Such warm feelings and relationships with her. And the husband, by the way, has changed. If you look at these 7 years like this, he used to become a small child in the presence of his mother, but now he is able either as a teenager or as an adult man to give his mother the idea that he himself will make some decisions. And it's straight class. Great.
Speaker A: And next to you in what condition?
Speaker B: And here's the question. I don't even know here. But now, probably, it feels like now. He began to make independent decisions more often, without even talking to me about them. Well, that is, on the sly, on my own, and I like it. Although I can laugh, but I like it. As if it were some kind of internal, own... Like I said, it's going to happen. I like it very much.
Speaker A: How could your request sound from this point in our conversation? According to my feelings, we have made progress somewhere, and it would be important for me to check with you.
Speaker B: Here, probably, how... It even suits me how our relationship can even help me, well, or how my decisions... No, not like that. Thanks to our existing relationship, I can achieve the tasks and goals that I have. A more global mission. For some reason I say it and laugh. It's like I'm embarrassed. Well, I'm afraid to show up. Yes, I'm more embarrassed. I'm afraid to seem naive and unable to achieve this. That's the story.
Speaker A: Such a laugh of embarrassment?
Speaker B: Yeah. Well yes. Sort of. Laugh at yourself and it seems nothing. Even if it will be so or not so. I think I said it as a joke.
Speaker A: In jest or seriously?
Speaker B: Seriously.
Speaker A: Are you formulating something?
Speaker B: Inside me, I'm trying to figure out what's going on. And the idea of this project arises, first of all. Not even in a relationship. Everything seems to be clear there. It was not a doubt that crept in, but some kind of question. Do I have the courage and strength to cope with what I want to do?
Speaker A: Well, this is a large-scale project.
Speaker B: The words of one of the suitors of the series immediately come to mind. You don't take on something, you never bring it to the end of the series. You'll be pampered. Such neglect. I think I'm really like this, or can I still?
Speaker A: What concerns do you have? Are they specific or general?
Speaker B: There are no specific ones. For some reason, I have no doubts about the functionality, but there are only doubts about the organization, or something. Although I know for sure that I can handle it.
Speaker A: What is the question then?
Speaker B: Probably with the fact that it's easy to start. From the smallest and slowly move. And the least is the arrival of my godson for the summer.
Speaker A: How is it interconnected?
Speaker B: The ability to interact with children at all, at this age. Will I be able to find a common language with him, contact. To hear him, to understand, to contain these words. Although I was probably the only one who managed to find a common language with him when I was in Kazakhstan. He was there with his family.
Speaker A: Aren't you planning your children already? will you make any attempts or will you exclusively take up some external ones?
Speaker B: For myself, after this agreement with IVF, which I have already read once, I said that I would never dare to do this again in my life, I would not put my body in danger. Well, I just think it's all exclusively here, because she was 8 weeks pregnant. Now, it just broke off because of the non-viability of what was submerged. That's why I think it's all solvable. But I want a natural way. I do not know how it will turn out, but I want a natural one. I don't want to do anything for this. Some, yes, some kind of abyss. Interesting. Interesting. The abyss.
Speaker A: Do you think about it? They opened it after all.
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, yes, there seems to be a lack of any kind of support at all, or something, in life. This is a thought. Such own helplessness seems to me. No. Interesting. I'm not ready to think in that direction yet.
Speaker A: It's like you're walking on the edge like that. Tears are coming, retreating.
Speaker B: Now the thought comes like this, well, from the series, why not? There were a lot of episodes in my childhood, after which I probably somehow decided in my childhood that there was no. Therefore, no. Therefore, not yet.
Speaker A: Was there something in your childhood that now does not allow you to immerse yourself in these thoughts?
Speaker B: Well, yes, well, that is, there is such a thing... I know that my mother loves me there and so on, well, that is, it's not discussed at all, everything is fine, but at the same time there is a feeling that... How to say there... How can I put it into words? I got in the way so much and had a supposedly negative impact on other people's lives. Bad. It was uncomfortable. In general, my birth was inappropriate. And thus I have this feeling that if suddenly I want to do something, the child will interfere with me, I will be able to broadcast the same dissatisfaction to him. And I have a wild fear from this that I am... When a dog gets in my way, I can regress on it. If it's a child, then I'll just hate myself for it. That is, the one that is 24 by 7 and needs to be taken care of.
Speaker A: This is on the one hand.
Speaker B: Yes, there is another one.
Speaker A: On the other hand, for you, your own children are some kind of very important topic, apparently. So much energy that you want to direct at all to create something very global. I can somehow not touch you there.
Speaker B: Well, yes, probably not there yet. Because there is also a sense of guilt that my husband is already 40 there this year, and as if, while still dating, he already really wanted children, therefore... I also probably have a feeling of guilt that I can't give him what he wants. Well, not just me, it's clear that we both have the same diagnosis. But I also refuse to adopt children. For now.
Speaker A: How interesting everything is. Do you see something new for yourself now?
Speaker B: Well, yes, it seems that if some issues of a simple everyday nature were solved in the relationship earlier, now it seems that issues of semantic content are being solved. That is, the level of conflicts in the relationship has grown to high matters. Well, this is great, so we are developing. A feeling of joy and lightness inside. I just imagine my husband and the feeling for him like this, I wonder how it will be when we have another question about where I spend my attention. But maybe my attention can now be divided into different tasks. But while inside it is calm and joyful.
Speaker A: When you came here, you voiced your main problems and the problem with your spouse, with relationships. Do I understand correctly that now it's all shifted somewhere?
Speaker B: Well, yes.
Speaker A: Where is your focus now?
Speaker B: Now, it turns out, somewhere the relationship with her husband is somewhere here. And my focus is somewhere right here in front of me.
Speaker A: I will duplicate for the audience that the relationship is here, and the focus is somewhere here. What a big difference, a long distance.
Speaker B: I now have a kind of metaphor that relationships themselves help me not to look for relationships, not to look, well, that is, not to engage and not to pay attention to the solution of the question at all in order, I don't know, to satisfy my own here it is, well, like I'm a family there or I'm something else- that, and thanks to the fact that I basically have them and everything is quite, well, quite comfortable there. I can spend my attention, well, energy, time, and money on solving other tasks. including development, the creation of some thoughts, projects, and so on. That there is a kind of rear here, and I can go further into battle. That's the metaphor.
Speaker A: At some point you wondered what these relationships could give you in the implementation of your plans.
Speaker B: This is the answer. Solid rear. And moreover, such a rear is not an obligation, but some kind of rear is simply to support the state of the resource and desire. That is, there is a compulsion to be nowhere. Something else, which was a feeling initially, as if there were no. And the state, too, I want, I can. what is it and freedoms and freedoms, yes, well, that is, in the same way, I do not force him to do anything in these relationships, including to get out of them if he will have it and it is periodically discussed what is free to accept.
Speaker A: High level solution.
Speaker B: OK. How good it is to communicate with an intelligent person.
Speaker A: We still have 10 minutes. You started with one question. Somehow now its relevance has disappeared. At the same time, you clearly informed me that you are not very ready to go out into some part of yourself yet. Instead, where there are a lot of feelings, apparently related to parenthood, vania, Lord, I forget the words, then what could we fill these 10 minutes with? If with what, if there is something.
Speaker B: There is probably a phase of tension here, there is a phase of getting a solution, there is a phase of getting a little pleasure and just the time to integrate it. Rather, I want to integrate it already.
Speaker A: We will actively integrate.
Speaker B: Integrate this solution. After all, they don't have to be used. I say, because they don't have to use these 10 minutes.
Speaker A: Yes, you are free to dispose of them at your discretion.
Speaker B: This happens to me a lot. I solve a new query in 20 minutes, every 20 minutes.
Speaker A: Everyone has their own pace in general.
Speaker B: Although there is probably only one more story, according to which, if so briefly, then... We have an American bulldog. And I have a remote job. I work three days a week at home. and two days a week in the office. And when I'm at home, I very often, very strongly aggress the dog. That's putting it mildly. I am sometimes so intemperate, but this mostly happens at times when, say, I am immersed, or I have a meeting going on, or I have a consultation with a client. That is, this is what is important to me, for me I want to concentrate my attention, she approaches and begins to attract her attention. Touch with a paw, something else. We don't have the opportunity to leave it somewhere on the street until it's summer. and I can't resist physically slapping her hard. well, moreover, my strength is better. here I probably want some kind of me for myself, up to the point that when I punish her, relatively speaking, I then experience hellish pain throughout my body and especially in the hand with which I slap her. That is, it's as if I squeeze myself inside then so that... punish me for being aggressive. Now it's less, but I still had it with a cat. The cat, unfortunately, died, got hit by a car. But periodically I don't have very good thoughts about the dog, and I'm afraid that this is my aggression. I want to learn it somehow in a discharge way. I don't know how to deal with this offset effects.
Speaker A: And how could you explain it from the dynamic side? Why is this happening?
Speaker B: Probably, if it was a person, I would explain it as a violation of my own boundaries. But since it is an animal, on what borders, it does not understand anything. She has nothing to do with that at all... It's as if I have some kind of ring around me, a circle, beyond which it is impossible to go. Here. And she breaks it, of course.
Speaker A: Does she only break it when you're stressed? Or does she always break it, but do you notice it when you're stressed?
Speaker B: She always breaks it, but I react to it especially acutely when I'm focused on working with someone. to others.
Speaker A: So you live with a dog that constantly violates boundaries?
Speaker B: Yes. And I have an allergy for the third month, yes, yes, yes. That's the thing. That's a good idea, dog that... I understood my decision, what I need to do.
Speaker A: I think many people will be interested in that.
Speaker B: In such a situation, you need to do. I think I just need to arrange a neighboring house for her and move her there at least for the moment when I need to concentrate my attention. This is for cold periods of time, well, in the summer it will just be tied to the street.
Speaker A: In general, somehow my experience suggests that animals understand boundaries quite well if they are systematically exposed to them, as people in general do.
Speaker B: Training, yes, we need to do. It's time to go to the dog handler with the dog and learn how to build these boundaries. That too, yes. It's true. This is my responsibility, which I... fulfill only 10%. Thank you. Exactly. Exactly. Warn. Warn. I know exactly when I will have a client. I am completely calm 10 minutes before everything starts, I can safely take out, walk the dog and take her to another room, to another house.
Speaker A: Sounds realistic.
Speaker B: Yes, it's quite possible that I'm here. there was such an episode of experience when it was like learning, well, some new understanding of a new behavior, this is learning for me, when, let's say, we were robbed in an apartment, and I always had a fear of opening the door and entering the apartment alone. And once there were 19 people sitting on the psychological circle, and everyone was offered a situation where you open the door and you know that there is a thief at home, how would you act in this situation. Each of the 19 people offered their own version. After that, my fear disappeared, because I realized that I had 19 options for responding. So it is here. I already have at least one option that I can do in order to prevent my anger. Just everything.
Speaker A: It seems to me a great place to end.
Speaker B: Yes. Thank you.
Speaker A: Thank you. Feedback. Now I'll try to formulate it. It often happens when a client comes and indicates, I don't know, the attitude, for example, to some of his main problem, about which he thinks a lot of time. It's such a good marker that it's worth looking at life in general. Well, when there is some kind of obsession with one thing, it is generally very useful to look in general. And in this case, it helped us. We looked a little from the side at the relationship, looked a little from the side at professional plans, and it turned out that when life was seen in a certain volume, it turned out that, in general, everything is not so bad, and that, in general, with what is, you can cook a good porridge. The initial questions were transformed into completely different questions, some of which are already absolutely substantive and aimed at the future. In this sense, it seems to me that the USSR was quite successful. I have an operator in the background. The operator is also a psychologist. I hope she will insert this part into our video. And our dialogue with her helps me a lot. Someday you will see her. Will you leave this question? I would formulate it a little differently. He said that the client was separated, in a clever word, from this relationship. Well, that is, somehow by the end of the meeting, I had an understanding not that she wanted to get out of this relationship, but that she was ready to get out if their views diverged somehow fundamentally, that she could do her project, her husband could do his own thing, but they were at the same time they can coexist. It may sound like an inner willingness to get out, but it seems to me that an inner willingness to get out makes you much more free. in a relationship. Yes, that the breakup does not seem so tragic, and at some point she said that either in personal therapy, or somewhere, she came at some point in practice to the fact that she was happy to look into the breakup, that before that she somehow had it something tragic, and now it's like something that causes joy. This does not mean that you need to run to break up, but it seems to me that from the point of view of the dynamics of the relationship, it is a good marker that, Well, if we break up, it seemed to me that the intonation in this, that even if we break up, then we can be good and we can be happy. That's how I would regard it. I feel good in a relationship, I feel good without a relationship. Well, I mean, it may be hard for me, but that doesn't mean that life is over there. And of course there was such a big blind spot, which the client also talked about, it's about her relationship with her own parenting and with children. I offered to go there, she said she wasn't ready, and in general I respect this decision, I didn't have a goal to somehow force myself into this, as she put it, pit, not pit, I don't remember, well, how to push her there. raise a lot of feelings. These are probably questions-requests for the next meetings, if there were any. The story is about a dog, it's about separation. Well, it's objectively difficult when you live in a house with a dog or with someone who constantly violates your boundaries. And you don't feel possible to separate yourself from it somehow. There is me, there are my plans, and there is someone who has his own life and his own affairs. In this sense, moving the dog to another room And in general the idea that it can be moved and go about its business is such a bridge, such a parallel with the relationship with the spouse, I would say it is dynamic.