Speaker B: Yes, quite rich. About five years.
Speaker A: So you've had some kind of permanent therapy for five years?
Speaker B: Well, with breaks, well, yes.
Speaker A: And what has brought you to such an unusual format now?
Speaker B: Well, first of all, it's interesting to try. Something new. Well, secondly, yes, I thought that this could be the result of our meeting. And I understand that it's probably more about finding yourself and something... As if I expect you to tell me how to live on. We need to start with the background.
Speaker A: Maybe I would try to ask, what is it about how you live now that you don't understand?
Speaker B: Oh, it's like I'm bursting from the inside. It's like there's a part that says, forget about everything and it's fine in general, but there's a part that doesn't like that you need to change yourself, try for the children, I have two children.
Speaker A: What's on both scales? What is there now that you don't like? And where do you need to try, strive?
Speaker B: It's like I'm not a human enough person.
Speaker A: How is that?
Speaker B: Well, I can wish all the worst for my ex-spouse.
Speaker A: Well... Throw a stone at me, those who sometimes do not wish this to their ex-spouses.
Speaker B: It's like I sometimes lose a part of myself and... I don't know. I don't know where to find her.
Speaker A: What part are you talking about?
Speaker B: About loving and trusting. That is, as if this story has shaken some kind of trust to the depths so much. That now, in order to find him, I need to make an effort for this. That the world was not as white and fluffy as I had seen it before.
Speaker A: Tell us what you got so burned on.
Speaker B: Yes, I just found out that my husband, when I don't see the child, beats me, threatened to stab me, taught me to steal money from me. It was a shock to me. And I understand that many people don't believe me. But, in principle, I don't talk much about it. Well, I don't go out to his friends, I don't talk about it.
Speaker A: Sasha, can you close the window? Very noisy.
Speaker B: Well, it turns out I trusted this person. We've been developing together, you might say. That is, I went to therapy to improve something in myself, in my family. Well, I always openly, frankly told him everything. And it turns out he was becoming more sophisticated and more cunning.
Speaker A: Well, in general, you tell such very scary things.
Speaker B: Yes, and most importantly, I find part of my fault in this, because I understand that I was in about the same environment and grew up where there were screams, swearing, beatings. And it seems like having some minimum knowledge, it seems to me that I could see something. And even more than that, I think maybe I nurtured it in him. Here. Maybe, on the contrary, I finally came to understand who I am and that I don't need to be that.
Speaker A: What is it about now?
Speaker B: Well, that I'm the same too. A psychopath meets a psychopath, and I'm probably the same too. It's just that I've been raised on a sense of guilt, that's it. And he? And he's on sadism. Well, in short, here. The puzzle is not fixed.
Speaker A: Well, you're here. And you have five years of therapy behind you.
Speaker B: So, therapy, apparently, was not there. I tried to do everything the best I could.
Speaker A: Are you blaming yourself?
Speaker B: Well, yes. It seems to me that my eldest daughter, especially, has suffered a lot from all this. Well, I'm scared for the future, because he's a dad, he'll take them to himself. And I understand that he subtly compares there, for some reason calls the youngest the eldest, and thereby causes pain to the eldest. He's buying some gifts for the youngest there.
Speaker A: So there is a feeling that he is so demonstratively singling out the younger one?
Speaker B: Now yes, yes. Although when we parted, he said on the contrary, leave me the eldest, leave with the youngest. And then I almost lost contact with the older one. It's like she got it from some bottom. And now he doesn't accept her, I don't know. Considers him a traitor. That she's on my side too.
Speaker A: And how long have you been separated?
Speaker B: In September, I left him with the kids. We now live in a rented apartment. I understand that this is also somehow ridiculous, because we have acquired property together. Since, like, we're gone, we're shooting. Judging by the apartment, it will all be. Now it's just over just for the children. He pretended that he was a good dad who was fighting for his children.
Speaker A: And what did the court accept?
Speaker B: As soon as it came to the psychological examination, he dropped the claim. And the situation is somewhat complicated by the fact that he has now found oncology. That is, it will always be possible to tell him that I am sick, so I am... This is a blockage. I can't say that I find sympathy in me.
Speaker A: I didn't understand.
Speaker B: Sympathy for him that he got sick. Because I do not know how hard it will be fatal or not fatal. Well, the truth is there is an idea that if he leaves, it will somehow become easier.
Speaker A: I think there are two sides to any coin. Well, there is some truth in your words. Are you talking about this part of yourself that you are not human enough?
Speaker B: Well, yes. some idea of re-education, which did not come true. I seem to have seen and heard this many times from the outside, but I still have the idea to help him, but without imposing help. That is, now I seem to be waiting for him to come to me, say that he needs my help, and I will somehow emotionally, I don't know, psychosomatically help him cope with it. I have a lot of magical thinking.
Speaker A: I've been trying to formulate it for a long time. Magical thinking, yes. Well, you take a lot on yourself. Well, as if you are responsible. As if you have power over his illness, if I understand correctly, over his psyche, over his sadistic tendencies.
Speaker B: Yes, but I don't think he was like that when I met him.
Speaker A: The probability that you have made such a person out of him is extremely low. In general, all this is definitely not formed in marriage and definitely not in adulthood. What are you thinking about?
Speaker B: Well, I remember some pictures when I left. How scared I was. Some kind of harassment. Well, I see a little regret in myself that they won't believe me. Even, well, even my friends are close, I don't really tell them. Two probably know. But he gives the impression of a very respectable person.
Speaker A: And these friends believe you?
Speaker B: Yes. Well, partly. Partly, yes. Sometimes they sow seeds of doubt in me. When they say, look, he's coming for the children now. And mine actually left the children. It's just hard for me to believe so far that there are people who consciously do this. It's bad for others. And even more so if they are their own children. And I don't fully understand how to protect myself from this. That is, I got registered there with the eldest, it sounds so ugly. Well, in general, I turned to a school psychologist, to a psychologist at a children's polyclinic. Well, partly... Partly just to scare my husband, so that he knows that I am watching his actions. But in the end, some of these subtle, well, painful things, painful, well, he does not bear, will not bear any responsibility.
Speaker A: But you are trying to protect yourself as much as possible, yourself and the children. And I would like to tell you that it takes a lot of courage to get out of such a relationship, go to court, get registered in order to have some arguments for the future. I would like to support you in this, that it requires great courage, great strength.
Speaker B: Now this part has poked through again, I'm just like that, but you don't understand anything.
Speaker A: Me?
Speaker B: Yes, I swear at you.
Speaker A: I mean, what don't I understand?
Speaker B: I don't know. Some kind of horror, a nightmare that will accompany me all my life. My children also suffered. And again I come back to myself, as if it were me. That is, as if this is still a part of him in me, my part. I do not know who.
Speaker A: Why are you mad at me? I still don't understand. Well, I tried to support you, to express some respect for your actions, your position, and this is quite sincere. And this caused you to get angry in return. Why?
Speaker B: Well, the first option is malicious sincerity. I want to hide somewhere and run away. It seems like I've been going to honesty for a long time and I keep going, but, damn, I don't want to go there so much. The more honest, the more painful. Well, I also want to. Damn, everything is fine with my children. In general, Dad, take your children. I'm going to live my life in general. And there's some part that says, damn, you're just like him, after all. You don't hit the kids directly, but you don't give a damn about them either.
Speaker A: It's hard for me to understand it yet, because your speech says the opposite. It seems like a lot of what you are doing now, you are doing for them as well.
Speaker B: Well, I somehow closed myself off from them, I don't want to play with them. Here is this human close contact, Useful, I do not know.
Speaker A: It seems to me that all this is quite understandable.
Speaker B: I don't understand how to keep it if the husband remains on the horizon. I wish he wasn't there. And he, damn, is. Yes, for me it would have been a turning point in general, because then I broke off my relationship with my mother. My mother also directly threatened me to stay with my husband. I don't care how I feel. The picture is important.
Speaker A: It also hurts.
Speaker B: Well, there is some, yes, very strong loneliness turns out. As it seems to me, I have already got the support of other people. Some family ties, with whom I was in a long-term relationship, were immediately interrupted on both sides. That is, Grandma comes to us once every two weeks for an average of several hours. I'm mad at her right now.
Speaker A: Right now? Yes. For what? For what?
Speaker B: Well, how about what? That I didn't have the childhood I dreamed of. Most importantly, I believed that everything was fine with me, and I did. Damn, I created a picture so cool that I'm fine. For many years in general. I'm just a master at it. Now it's like a pendulum has swung in the other direction. I can't say that I don't want to live, but somehow I don't really want to. Some kind of obligation that it is necessary to raise children. To do this, I have to be a cheerful enough mom, happy. That is, I need to take care of myself. It is necessary to come, understand, improve something in yourself.
Speaker A: Did you talk about this at the very beginning? Leave everything as it is? Or go somewhere and try?
Speaker B: Yes, but it's as if this effort comes from "must" and "must". That is, to me, well... I must have fallen to such a bottom of despair that I don't need anything anymore.
Speaker A: Well, that's fine. It is normal if you have been in such a relationship for a long time, difficult for you. You have left them relatively recently. It is normal to experience the experiences that you are experiencing, it is normal not to want, not to have the strength to get out of it at the moment. Well, if you feel bad inside and hurt and scared, Then pretend that you feel good, joyful and wonderful, well... Such a thing.
Speaker B: Well, yes, I've always been told that here she is smiling. And he was always smiling.
Speaker A: Well, you even today, even now... well.
Speaker B: A very funny story tells. A life joke.
Speaker A: And if you didn't smile, what do you think would happen to you?
Speaker B: Well, I cry sometimes. Sometimes something still touches me there, catches me. It's like I used to cry more. And now I have to go. I somehow organize my life so that the children are comfortable with me. I developed myself. It's like it's not quite everything for me either. It's like I was born to live my whole life for others. That is, at first I lived for my mother, Then for my mother and for my husband. Now for the kids. Maybe it's not bad. Maybe I'm creating myself through others, I don't know. In the end, probably, what I have now is a good result from the family I came from. From those forces that I found to see the truth of what is happening in my family. And make a decision with two children to stay alone. Because there are no grandparents on the husband's side. I'm alone. That I'm so crazy. It's as if I can't touch all the despair to the end, but I can laugh. Well, it's funny that this happens in life. Even if it's my story.
Speaker A: Listen, it seems to me that these are some absolutely normal defense mechanisms. Well, it's impossible to embrace something immense. Well, you do it in portions. Well, okay, if it's possible for you, if it's so safe for you, then why not? I don't have the feeling, like your interlocutor, that something is wrong with you, and you are somehow experiencing it incorrectly. This is how you take a step there, a step back, a step there, a step back.
Speaker B: Well... Well, yes, it annoys me. I need to find a middle ground already. I'm just mad at you again now. I'm a cool person, of course.
Speaker A: You are Ilya.
Speaker B: Me? You're good too. I thought that now, after all, it makes me a normal person, and I'm not normal at all.
Speaker A: You cannot be pitied, you cannot be supported, you cannot be considered a normal person.
Speaker B: What came? To find out how multifaceted I am.
Speaker A: So, well, I'm wondering, what's wrong if I consider you, say, a normal person?
Speaker B: Well, normal people don't mess up like that in life. Well, so seriously. They can, well, do something a little wrong. I don't know, don't pass the exam.
Speaker A: Do you honestly think so now?
Speaker B: Well, not that serious. They may make a mistake with the choice of a partner, but they will notice it there, I don't know, in a month, two, six months at most. Well, not being in a relationship, there, for almost 10 years. On the one hand, right now I wanted you to support me. I need to be supported when you don't support me. No, I just thought that sometimes it was so bad for me in this relationship that, probably, I'm still doing well, that I began to dig into myself, to sort things out. That is, I probably slowly climbed out of them. But I just didn't realize that I felt bad about this relationship. Because for me it was the norm.
Speaker A: Well, apparently, your five-year therapy was not in vain.
Speaker B: Yes, probably.
Speaker A: Well, it happens that way. It happens that way. If you get used to something, to something not very normal, for example, in childhood, then this something seems normal in adulthood. And it takes time, sometimes a lot of time, to understand that, in general, it can probably be different. It can take 5, 10, and 20 years. And what to do? What do you mean? With what?
Speaker B: With children. I can't put straws on them. I have the thought again that I need to find a partner. Normal. So that children can see a normal model of relationships. But this is again not for myself, but because for children. They need it that way.
Speaker A: Wouldn't you like a normal partner for yourself?
Speaker B: It seems to me that these are some kind of exclusionary things. He'd probably be as chimpanzee-like as I am. And I need it for the kids.
Speaker A: Listen, it seems to me that this is a very high bar. This is a very high bar. Well, I don't know, are you familiar with Donald Winnicott's expression about a good enough mother?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Well, that children need a good enough mother. Wrong, not good, not perfect, but good enough. With roughness, not coping somewhere, not ideal. Well, in this sense, if you feel good and somehow allow yourself to mess up sometimes, and not sprinkle ashes on your head for it, I think that will be enough for your children. In any case, they will have something to talk about with their own.
Speaker B: You have two cars. Then I got this idea that I accept myself anyway. Well... Well, I don't play with children, well, okay, I'm such a mom. I don't know, yesterday my child opens the refrigerator and says that we have only one shelf full. Well, I think, well, okay, I'll buy groceries today. Because I'm not a perfect mom, I can see that.
Speaker A: So it didn't cause you an attack of guilt?
Speaker B: Well, small. And then what am I not taking?
Speaker A: Is that what you're asking me?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: What do you think?
Speaker B: I don't understand this part. Is that me too? Cruel. Furious. Well, I find it in myself, just like it's not cognitive like that... The scheme limits it. And thanks to therapy, I somehow cope with it.
Speaker A: You said that you had to try to be correct for a long time. For mom, for spouse, for children.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And now somehow you discover in yourself some alternative part of you. And probably... I don't accept it.
Speaker B: I don't accept anyone in life.
Speaker A: I'm fine with this part of you. When you get mad at me and tell me about it, it's okay for me. Well, in the same it's the same... Well, there's a lot of life in this.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: There is a lot of life in anger in general. This does not make you a rapist, an abuser or someone else. If you know how to handle this anger. I have a feeling that you are somehow in contact with her.
Speaker B: Maybe, yes. Well, probably. It's better than yelling at kids. It's better to come to the therapist and shout. If the therapist doesn't mind. But this does not negate some condemnation. Well, that is, I understand that a person gets paid for it.
Speaker A: Self-condemnation?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Well, judge and come back.
Speaker B: Well, it's very hard for me to get in touch with this, because I've always been a very decent girl. And when I even... I come into contact with the fact that I want to yell, swear. I do it, and it's like this girl shrinks inside me. Are you like that, are you crazy or something? And then I feel this splitting again.
Speaker A: Well, it needs to be learned.
Speaker B: You probably don't yell, do you?
Speaker A: For whom?
Speaker B: I don't know. To your therapist.
Speaker A: Listen, it seems to me that it's okay to be angry.
Speaker B: Well, it's not about anger. Anger is... I'm angry. I have an idea again how to be angry properly.
Speaker A: You know, so it's very beautiful in all sorts of psychological articles they write how it's environmentally friendly to be angry. But I think... My experience suggests that reality is always different from theory. If you talk about me, I can shout at the children there, and I can shout at my loved ones. But personally, I don't get personal in this, I don't insult, call names, or humiliate there. And within the framework of this, I somehow express my anger. But it is not sterile and not environmentally friendly in the views that are usually written about. Well, we're real people. It's good when everyone has the opportunity to get mad at each other. And maybe even yell at you at the kids, the kids at you. Well, it's okay if you don't insult each other at the same time.
Speaker B: Well, it seems to me that I haven't finalized in my life. I understand, I still have a long life, I can still work on it. I need to redirect somewhere in the right direction.
Speaker A: And who is the judge? Who evaluates?
Speaker B: I evaluate myself. Well, so I didn't motivate my spouse. Well, something went wrong. I don't know. I offered him to go to therapy, but he didn't want to. And that means I didn't motivate him. I've read that people are already fine with themselves. They don't see themselves as a problem for someone like him. But this is again about my not omnipotence. You never know what they write in the books there. God came to my reception.
Speaker A: I'm even kind of uncomfortable.
Speaker B: What should I do with myself?
Speaker A: Well, I think it's great that you're laughing at it yourself. Well, that you have such thoughts, there are some experiences, but at the same time a part of you understands that this is an illusion that you cannot control other people, their lives and their desire to change themselves. Unfortunately. Of course, it would be great. Are you mad at me now?
Speaker B: No. I'm reading some excitement.
Speaker A: I have?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Come on.
Speaker B: Reverence of thoughts, right? Well, you just moved like that, and I immediately think, so, what is it?
Speaker A: And develop thoughts. And how do you explain it?
Speaker B: Well, we're on the open air, I won't ask such a question.
Speaker A: It is close to real conditions, you can ask what you want.
Speaker B: You will then call a psychiatric hospital after the meeting. And I will rest. Next to other gods. And then I start clinging to the idea that I'm fine.
Speaker A: Will you ask or won't you ask?
Speaker B: Well, I don't know what happened to you.
Speaker A: Would you like to know why I somehow changed my pose? I didn't mark it. There is no explanation for me. Well, that is, if the question is, am I worried, well, yes, I am. In general, regarding the shooting, this is still a non-standard condition. I don't have a feeling that this is something between us, that something has happened, that I somehow lost my stability. For me, it's more about context. Do you believe?
Speaker B: And I'm angry. I'm angry at your honesty.
Speaker A: Is it scary?
Speaker B: It's scary that there are other realities. But here is your reality, it is different from mine. And when I admit that you're telling the truth, I get angry.
Speaker A: Well, get angry out of fear.
Speaker B: Well, yes, it's shaking my fragile world.
Speaker A: And what exactly is it about this that knocks out the glue so much? What if you and I have different realities, then you don't control mine? Well, yes, of course.
Speaker B: It doesn't work.
Speaker A: So it's not God after all?
Speaker B: Yes, I do not know, maybe I need to learn more. Well yes. At the moment, definitely not God. It's not God to sit still now.
Speaker A: There are many courses. Teaching ESP.
Speaker B: Yes, and this is also something strange that began to happen. Because I have always been for scientific thinking, a scientific approach. And here I don't know.
Speaker A: It happens when it's hard for us. When it is difficult to find any rational answers, the brain begins to look for rational answers.
Speaker B: And then we come to what to rely on in ourselves?
Speaker A: Is that a question? So. Well, my answer would be that it takes time. Well, what are you telling me now about what you are... that somehow some parts of you that had previously remained in the shadows began to appear in the light. And you can rely on this, but for this you first need to get acquainted, integrate, make friends. Well, that is, it is such a time of searching for new supports, because what was before, it no longer works. It has not yet fully grown stronger.
Speaker B: I'm chronically angry today. An evil god has come to you.
Speaker A: And now for what?
Speaker B: I don't know. What is not fully strengthened, here. I'm a weakling. Damn, everything that's going on. Knuchik.
Speaker A: God. God was not God. Well, you really are a living person.
Speaker B: Well, yes. But this does not mean that I am the same as my spouse.
Speaker A: What do you mean?
Speaker B: Well, I'm angry.
Speaker A: So, what are you afraid of? Well... What will you do as a spouse? In what? As in manifestations?
Speaker B: Well, yes.
Speaker A: Well, do you think it's possible?
Speaker B: As if if I get to know myself better... Maybe, like, I'm mad at one more now. That I haven't done that there yet. When am I going to do all this at all?
Speaker A: I assume that affective manifestations occur when a part of me is unfamiliar and unconscious to me. You rather analyze yourself. And you somehow learn your new part. And, accordingly, I can assume that it can hardly be expressed in any way effectively, because you are analyzing yourself in this place. When something becomes conscious, I can control it.
Speaker B: Yes, as if I'm slowly going to appropriate these years of emotional abuse, at least. It's as if this anger has been suppressed all these years. I feel that there is a lot of it in me, but I can't release it all at once overdosed. Otherwise really... The psyche will go.
Speaker A: When I was studying at the institute, our teachers liked to repeat to us that such a term as the wisdom of the client, In the sense that no client can go deeper than he can. Or dive deeper than he can. In this sense, each of us has its own fuse system. You meet your anger just as much as you are able to meet it. You get to know yourself in some new contexts just as much as it is possible for your psyche. There is no point in reproaching yourself for this somehow, blaming or being angry, well, because it just happens at exactly the pace at which you can do it. When you say that you need to fall to the bottom already or face all your anger already, I don't think it's possible.
Speaker B: Well, someone inside me feels that there is more of her. Anger.
Speaker A: Well, all right, all right. You identify yourself somehow. You analyze yourself, you feel yourself. Well, what's the matter with you now?
Speaker B: Get a little angry.
Speaker A: This is a positive dynamic, right?
Speaker B: I don't know. I think I've come for something important. We need to find him.
Speaker A: Hardly, because we are running out of time.
Speaker B: And this is my perfectionism.
Speaker A: Maybe you can somehow formulate what was important to you from what happened during those 50 minutes?
Speaker B: Well, I realized that I'm normal. And normal, and normal, and normal, and abnormal. Well, there's a lot of anger in me, and okay, you can just take it out piece by piece, as much as possible. To see a part that demands a lot from itself and also, well, okay, that's me too.
Speaker A: All right. Let's leave it at that.
Speaker B: OK.
Speaker A: Thank you for coming.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker A: Feedback. Was it a busy session, yes? I liked it too. Now I'm trying to formulate what I could say about her. A lot of laughter, a lot of tension, because of which laughter, I think. There are a lot of feelings that are not yet very clear how to express. Because I saw, unlike you, I saw a face. And I saw that in parallel with laughter and tears also appear. And I think that a lot of laughter is just such an indicator of how much everything is bubbling inside. There was a lot of contact. There were a lot of clarifications and relationships, which is extremely rare for the first and only consultation. In my opinion, some short-term task is to let the client know that everything is fine with her. Try to imagine that you have lived in one context all your life, where you perceived yourself in a certain way. surrounding people in a certain way. And suddenly this framework collapsed. And suddenly it turned out that you can not try to please, that you can be angry, that you can be wrong, bad and some kind of flighty and aggressive. It's unsettling. And, in general, I set the task for this session to give the client some kind of feedback about what it is also possible to be, and it can be normal next to such a person. And I was really quite comfortable. If we talk about long-term work, we also formulated this in the process. I think our task would be to build up some kind of muscular framework around a new idea of ourselves, around new supports. Here she is. And somehow now with her like this, she needs to live and reconcile, and build relationships based on this. And that would be, I suppose, such a major focus of our work.