Speaker B: Yes. Once upon a time, I'll say eight years ago, three years ago, as I say, I was sitting on a psychologist, well, there with breaks, that is, for example, there, a month of therapy, then some rest, then again. Then, for example, it became less often required. Well, why am I, for example, so saturated, it was very interesting to me, it was I who felt some kind of incomprehensible moral feelings in myself. And it was interesting to start sorting them out, because before that I was not connected with psychology at all. But then it was Well, there were still there, I don't know, I tried some other methods there, that is, there are some one-time promotions there. Here. Well, basically I have, as it were, my straight-defined psychologist. If I want to, I sort of address her, if I feel like it.
Speaker A: Okay. That is, do you have a general idea of the process?
Speaker B: Well, for a while, yes.
Speaker A: OK. Then what brought you to such an unusual format today?
Speaker B: The format attracted the fact that I like to watch some kind of analysis. Especially yours, as it were, came in. That is, I watched what came out. Well, yesterday, by chance, your post got caught. So it's a sign. And that is, it's like I'm having financial difficulties right now, so this format is also very suitable for grinding.
Speaker A: What brought you here? What brought you in the sense of internal processes, not external factors?
Speaker B: And the internal ones? Can I just try the situation a little bit at first?
Speaker A: Of course, of course.
Speaker B: Here I am 35 years old, so I am not married without children, here I have been this freelance artist in my life for more than 15 years, how and how to say it, and I was in a relationship that came out of them a month and a half ago, so we broke up and were well, four years in duration, as if I were In a relationship, I relaxed exactly as if in relation to work. I've never bet on work, because, well, I mean, I just need money. I kind of found something else to my liking there, how to apply my artistic skills. And in the relationship of the need for finance, everything was not particularly closed for me. And so I think, oh, it's like I'm going to relax, I'm not going to think at all, there's no one to negotiate with, because I myself sort of negotiated with people. Here. And that is, there was an opportunity, I kind of refused it. And as if in a relationship, I was quite happy at first that I seemed to be resting. Here. And then, it seems to me, the last year there, or maybe a year and a half, I began to feel as if I had relaxed so much that it was as if I had already, well, how is it, I do not know, that is, as if... Either I wanted to find some other approach in some other way, or in terms of psychology, I also began to get carried away, to take some measures. That is, I thought that I had time, and I could do self-development. Here. And now, as after the breakup, it's as if I ran right into myself. And that is, that there was a time, as if I thought that it was for my good, it feels as if, to some extent, on the contrary, I somehow lost myself. I don't know why. And another moment in the relationship. For some reason, I had tantrums. Straight, you can say, monthly. Here. That is, we, for example, talked and... well, that is, I'm describing everything right now, because it's as if something has accumulated and from all spheres, as it were. Here. And that is, I have a moral state now, as if I felt that... Well, I would call it as if I was addicted, it turns out, from a relationship. Here. And for some reason, as if, well, now I feel very vividly that, well, as if I'm somehow not having fun alone. I find some kind of communication with friends, with friends. A lot of family. And that is as if... I don't know. Now.
Speaker A: It's fine.
Speaker B: It just doesn't seem to be a big deal. But purely morally, as if... Well, I don't want anything. There and, well, the relationship seemed to be acceptable, that is, I thought that, as if everything was possible there, well, or it could be fixed somehow, well, there are some problems there. Here. But then it somehow accumulated, or you know, I had it, that is, I thought that it was possible, on the contrary, to voice a person, he was also involved in the field of psychology, I mean, he also turned to a psychologist. And I thought that, on the contrary, it would be fun, you can try to talk about a lot or even sort it out together in your own way. And the more you tell the truth or at first what I want to pay attention to, then it seems as if it is criticism. And then I realized that even a man told me, then I analyze, probably, too, so it is perceived purely. It seems like I want to pay attention to these solutions, but it settles in my head at first as a problem, and then it accumulates. It seems to me that a lot of things have accumulated, and then he couldn't stand it. But I also constantly faced the question. I think, since it's not possible to move forward, I also somehow always have a question, well, like, does it make sense to continue if we can't, like, even talk humanly? Well, I mean, when the conversation drags on, and then it gets emotional there. Well, I mean, both of us. Here. And now I'm, well, firstly, in some sort of calculations, and I realize that, probably, the relationship has always been some kind of goal, and now, like, Those relationships in which I thought we could build a family and go, I don't know, to the children. Now it's as if that goal has collapsed. I don't even somehow see myself, for example, taking some experience from a relationship, going further into the world. My hands have dropped altogether now. That is, it seems that somewhere I have changed my mind about something, well, as if out of excess, well, some, well, let's call the illusions that... No, they would have collapsed, and somehow a clear look appeared. A clear look has not yet, well, come, in short. And, for example, financial difficulties, that is, now we need to think about some kind of work, and I, as I've wanted all my life, somehow like it. I even found some other hobbies that I enjoy doing, but for some reason I'm not doing it fruitfully. So, it's like I'm somehow judging and criticizing myself because of this. That is, I have a feeling that I am somehow in myself now, and I don't understand if it's related to relationships, or if it's just there, some kind of midlife crisis there. Here. Well, that's kind of the whole story. I would like to return more to myself. In general, I always kind of, well, had a goal, like, there, to find what I want, there, here, to my liking, there, classes, there, I don't know, people, like, well, to also, like, society, there, surrounded, with whom you want, yes, there, to communicate. Here. And now it feels like it didn't lead to anything. Here. And therefore, as it were, I want to return to myself. What kind of yourself? That is, most likely, to some other, maybe? Well, a new one. Or, I don't know, maybe grow up there somehow. Although I have 35 years, right? Here. That is, somehow... And just, for example, there, I don't know, just to work, as if, well, it's not interesting, there, for the sake of... Well, it also happens because of the need, which is normal. Even now I don't want to, as it were, because of it. That is, it's like I have nothing at all right now, well, I don't know, it's depression there, not depression, how it manifests itself there, but as if the moral state is, well, some kind of lost. That is, it's like I'm sitting right there, there's a place to sit, I'm living there with my parents now. Here. And as if that's how I live, how it turns out. Here. In general, I have such a position. Or, for example, I would like to see something new, but it's as if I don't see anything, and I'm afraid to open up to something right now. That is, it seems like it's time to move somewhere now, but it's like I'm afraid myself and for some reason. And that is, I don't understand there, is it related to a relationship, or is it like a snowball of some kind in life has accumulated. Either to sort it out somehow, or, well, I say, in general, the goal is, at least, to start living somehow, not to survive, but as if with some, well, some pleasant feeling, I don't know, there, well, somehow here.
Speaker A: I understand, I understand what you are talking about.
Speaker B: That's how it could be.
Speaker A: Have you ever had periods in your life where you felt whole? Where have you experienced the condition you are talking about now?
Speaker B: I can suspect that, for example, there was a time in my life when I really liked some states. Maybe they weren't right there for a long time, Probably why I think about it, because I experienced it, but I won't say for some period of time. It wasn't, for example, some kind of happiness for years.
Speaker A: Or, for example� And what did your life look like then? What did you do then? In what context did this condition appear?
Speaker B: By the way, it's like I have an inner feeling that it won't be better. Well, I remember times, for example, when after university I began to wonder who I wanted to work with. Although I just went to university for the sake of higher education, there, as an engineer, it was not interesting to study. Well, it's just there, I don't know, the university is nearby. And there, in the last year, I began to think about what to do. Here, and there are all these "Secret" movies, there's this here.
Speaker A: Uh-huh, the movies have started.
Speaker B: So, I became there, well, or there "Find a job to your liking and never have to work," that is, I began to think that I like it at all. So, figuratively speaking, there I thought that I liked the program about design, then I came across free design courses there, in general I went there winged, that is, they tried it, well, that is, I like something so creative. And it's like I haven't had that much in my life. And then I got access to it, that's all to try. And that is, as if I was looking for this, I was just open to everything new, I felt something that I like. Well, this is the most... By acquaintance, by work, by design. I got, like, well, it was practical experience, there, well, design. Here. And, that is, I remember that I went to work there, I thought I had wings behind my back, that is... It was somehow so much... Probably, yes, the brightest. Here. Then I worked there for a year, the promised financial incentives began there, there were none, and I decided to go free swimming. And I also did everything in my rhythm, and there were always customers. After that period, there was a feeling that at least I was doing something that was interesting, but I never promoted it. That is, I will work, I will get money, I live on it, then I have to appear again. There was no desire to be in it all the time. I have some kind of desire for regularity, for some kind of rhythm of my own. But now I'm completely in my rhythm, only I don't know what to do with it. This freedom has smeared it too much for me.
Speaker A: Do I understand correctly that the feeling of some kind of fullness of life, fullness, it was associated with openness to the world? It sounds vulgar, but it corresponds to reality. It was connected with such openness to the world and some kind of courage to interact with it, with some kind of courage to try something new.
Speaker B: Well, yes, I also felt that listening to an inner addiction or a spiritual urge. That is, not just "Oh, I'm coming." where do the legs lead there, and that is exactly to listen that I like this design of creativity, and then I went to this branch. That was the most, also like magic, I do not know.
Speaker A: And then what happened? Then you got into a relationship, or did something else break this thread?
Speaker B: Sounds, yes. Well, we had some kind of relationship in our life, it was serious and long-lasting. Once the previous ones met for a long time, separated, then lived for six months and broke up. And that's exactly four years, that's exactly how they lived with such goals there, repairs, that is, in the sense of shared housing. Well, I mean at that time. Relationships.
Speaker A: And yet you told me that you went some way of your own and got satisfaction from it. And then they stopped going this way. At what point did this path of yours pause?
Speaker B: Yes, as a transition. I've been working on my own for 10 years, and it would be fine. And then, as soon as the relationship appeared, I was happy with it. There must have been something new and interesting there. And why, I think, the work was for the money, mostly. I just found something close to my heart, so that at least it would be nice to earn money.
Speaker A: This is already a lot, I think it's important.
Speaker B: And then, it turns out that I'm in a relationship somehow, but this is also a problem that I can't seem to imagine that I had another idea that I could be self-realized in a relationship, but it turns out I'm still in a relationship somehow more I was attuned to everyday life. Well, when I was thinking, oh, to do something, and I'm among these thoughts, there, oh, it's necessary, there, I don't know, to cook soup, there, I don't know, to draw something there, there, to take a nap, and... Then she somehow gets so lost that I I don't do anything to her. That is, it was also some kind of... That is, me once... Well, it's like I want to combine, but when I want to combine, it's like I'm torn. Perhaps this, too, has accumulated in me as some kind of imbalance, which, it turns out, directly affected my morale and relationships. Here's something about that, yes, there was work before the relationship, then I got carried away with the relationship, and now I, well, I want something somehow, if you work, then somehow else, maybe in a new way.
Speaker A: Do you have an explanation for this phenomenon? In the sense that you talk about the fact that you, in general, were quite a realized specialist, well, in the sense that you did something that you like, and it brought you income. Then you met a relationship, and, as you yourself said at the beginning, you were attracted to them by the fact that it was possible... that it was as if someone, if I heard correctly, that a second person could take responsibility, including financial, for you, and somehow you dissolved into it. Do you have an explanation there?
Speaker B: The explanation, I say, is that... for the sake of money, the job is like money and, accordingly, why.
Speaker A: To work, the motive is gone, the motivation is gone, yes.
Speaker B: That is, in general, when I used to live there often with my parents in my life, it was even as if I told my mother there more about it there, I earned so much, as if to make her feel with... how would it be... check the box, because she usually me... Oh, go to a permanent job there, earn money so that you can do it there... on retirement, that's all, on a stable one, here. She is, moreover, a housewife herself in life. Here. I can also relate this purely morally, that she seemed, well, in some way not realized, well, socially, and as if she tried to, well, kick me out. from home. And it's like I'm thinking, why am I being kicked out? That is, I have this state, as it were, too, left. That is, I have a feeling right now that I'm going to kick myself out there for some kind of commission. That is, it turns out, as I absorbed it from my mother, I do the same with myself somehow. Here. Or I think, oh, in a relationship I'll find more there, well, I found my favorite things there, I think there's a problem with money. That is, if I'm doing what I like at all, I don't believe that I can earn money for it right away. There are some extremes.
Speaker A: Strictly speaking, this usually does not happen. But, strictly speaking, it usually doesn't happen that you start doing what you like, and it starts right away.
Speaker B: Bring... According to my art, it worked.
Speaker A: You're lucky.
Speaker B: I got the experience. Well, maybe, by the way, also like... Well, that is, I had it. Like, I want something now just in a new way. Well, for example, in some ways the same, right? That is, I already have this experience that I found something to my liking there... I went to work in a design studio. I was ready to work for free at least to get experience. There was also such enthusiasm. And now I don't want to. I would be glad to go somewhere, but it's still for money. There is already a difference in this. Well, and that gorenje, probably, already as if, well, it is hardly possible to repeat. Here. Some of them, too. That is, something happened there, but something will not work out the same way, well, as in his youth. Or as if it would be time to somehow, I don't know, decide on something there. It's as if, maybe, or certainty itself is afraid.
Speaker A: Decide who you want to become when you grow up.
Speaker B: And, by the way, you know, it's also, well, that somehow I'm sad to go already, probably, after a relationship, here, alone, then I was alone, yes, I left my family there and went there, I don't know, to some kind of discoveries, here, And now I've already been in a relationship, I'm already sad alone, so, yes, go. That is, I had some kind of idea that in a relationship, if I wanted to do something, then, as it were, there is already some kind of moral, human and, as it were, physical base, so, well, there, I don't know, add some of my own there-then hobbies, yes, there, well, to be realized in this.
Speaker A: Why did you break up?
Speaker B: So I say, it's accumulated, probably, these are some, like, we say that we don't like it, in order to improve it for the better, and then we said so much friendship that these words all come back to mind and accumulated there, well, there was jealousy on his part, maybe, justified in the plan there that I had a communication like with an ex, well, just friendly, he even took part in this communication, in the company, I thought that it meant to him, well, as if it was normal, so, and that is, and then it affected me, well, as it were, well, significantly, I understand, on him. Then I started to meet them halfway, I say, that's it, come on, since I just don't understand, I say, I understand that it's unpleasant, but I know that my conscience is clear. We agreed on the shore that there, if someone looks away, then immediately end the relationship and go to the side. Well, like people there sometimes it is... Like it didn't work out on the side, we came back, as it were. Here. And I say, if someone already has... here. And that's why my conscience was clear. I kind of communicated with a person because, well, just, well, with an ex. Like, because it's just, well, like, communication, I don't know, there was normal. Here. Well, like, friendly. Here. And I think I have, as it were, my man, as it were, paramount. And then I became, when it was already often, I began not to understand why there was such distrust towards me, that's, well, how distrust it became. That is, it would be fine if I were there, I don't know, I would change there or there, I don't know, I was hanging around somewhere, that is, well, that is, I have a feeling that it was as if I was seen by some kind of, well, traitor, I don't know. I say, I went to meet him, I say, since everything is so critical, I say, come on, I say, I won't communicate with him at all, in short, then it turned out that some correspondence of mine caught my eye there and well, from the past and that is, and he still has an addition and that is, it didn't even affect what I was saying, well, the fact that I decided that I didn't communicate at all in any way, that is, it didn't affect me, that is, I did what I could, it might be too late, well, somehow I didn't catch up at that moment. That is, this was probably the most significant.
Speaker A: So your young man was the initiator?
Speaker B: Well, I'm still like that... I'm still thinking there, and what am I thinking, to break up or not? Well, like... He, and at the moment of parting, he did not tell me what he was, how to say it... I saw the correspondence. That is, I thought that I was talking to him about certain things, already there, like there, I fulfilled that condition there, what's next, as it were. That is, I kind of look at it in fact, and then I realized that it turns out that the person is already there, well, in his head something is unacceptable to him there, but he did not voice it to me. And that is, after the breakup, he told me about the correspondence that it was on him so it was. Here. And when we didn't find a common language, I say, I heard something there that I didn't suit him there. I say, here you know me there, about my tantrums there, for example. I say, you know, I'm like this now, I say, I'd be glad to change it somehow there and I'll try to do something about it there. And what if it, well, won't change, for example. I say, it's just that at the moment you're ready with me like, well, such as, like, I'm at the moment, like, accept and there, I don't know, go further. And so he, as it were, says to me, well, that's it, like there, return the keys, he said. We just talked on the phone. And that's it, and I say, well, thank you at least for this particular decision, so that this is already... Well, I had, in general, I, well, I was ready anyway, there, if there was somehow more suggestion on his part, how it could be decided by us together. I had a feeling that going further, no matter how morally difficult it was. And this is also the charm that he did not try anything after all, but abruptly said that was it. Well, or there, I don't know, if there was no resource there, well, I said there, maybe, I don't know, there, I don't know, to wait or there, I don't know, to go to a psychologist. Well, that is, I kind of, well, I realized that he was emotional, of course, well, I think, and if he was emotional, he could eventually realize there and say, but he was still talking there, that he didn't regret his decision. I'm like, well, you don't regret it. But it's still alive in me, as if everything is in me. And that is, it's like I'm still, well, I feel like I'm a separate kind of person, that I'm this... Well, on the other hand, it's as if, maybe, I pulled myself out as a separate person when I was there, maybe I felt it, but in order to get into myself cardinally somehow, maybe I still, as it were, want to come straight into it. I don't know if this is a normal idea or not.
Speaker A: To come to the state of an individual.
Speaker B: Well, yes. Well, the meaning is, let's call it that. Well, let it be, in a word, self-sufficient. Well, just so that I'm more of myself, yes, there, anyway, I'm living there with my parents now, I have a feeling that I don't allow myself to relax there, because, like, how shameful it is to live with them, I don't know, although I, well, how I could be in this for a very long time, here. Well, I say, it's like I'm afraid to force myself so, everything is there, I'm going to work, I'll find any job there now, so that there... That is, there is a goal, for example, suddenly to live separately there somehow, but here I do not find a resource in myself and just some kind of firmness in myself. Maybe I'm afraid, well, like some kind of determination. as if my insides are still, well, either that, oh, somehow it's straight, oh, I wanted to, and it turned out somehow in a wonderful way. I mean, I'm ready for some difficulties, but, I mean, so that they don't burden. Here. I probably don't feel where I'm going right now, why.
Speaker A: You know, it's interesting, I listen to you and hear such right-wing theses. On the one hand, you say that you want to live your own adult life, let's call it, and on the other hand, you want to be comfortable and that this life does not burden you. That is, it was very well strumulated. So, I think that adult life, which will not be burdened, is not very comparable things.
Speaker B: Well, I don't mean those burdens, which, well, there is no strength, and when there is, I don't know, there, I don't know, maybe people have some kind of goal there or something, and then obstacles, they are already like, well, just some-then the obstacles, that is, simply surmountable. That's what I'm ready for. And it's as if I don't have enough of this rod right now, or there, some inner goal, or some inner determination, on which it's like it's not difficult for me to go into the world there, or, I don't know, somewhere there, maybe move. Well, that is... That is, I am ready, I say, I have felt in myself either a sense of where, or at least, maybe nowhere, but at least there for the sake of the process. That is, I can't in myself... And so the multidirectional words fit, because it seems to me that sometimes one thing runs short with the other, and I can't decide. And now it's kind of obvious. I do not know if I am adequate or not, but somehow I have it... As if.
Speaker A: Could I have noticed your request at the moment? Here we have a meeting with you.
Speaker B: Well, it's somehow, I don't know, specifically or not specifically. Well, I don't know, I want to feel what I am now, I don't know.
Speaker A: What do you want now? That is, you probably have some assumptions?
Speaker B: Do you want to? I have a feeling that, you know how it is, maybe there are some of these unconscious currents. I have a feeling that it's easier for me like in a relationship, yes, that is, there I am... well, maybe you depend on it.
Speaker A: Well, it's really easier.
Speaker B: Well, not just for the sake of simplicity, but the body itself is there, as it were, well, I mean, consciously there that.
Speaker A: You told me your last relationship experience, it's about the fact that you, as you called it, "fell apart" there. And, of course, it's good there, of course, the body will strive there, because it's really good.
Speaker B: But it wasn't all good there either.
Speaker A: Well, yes.
Speaker B: And there is a beautiful, and not very, and kind of lonely, like, life. There are advantages, but there are, I don't know, not really. Here. And so, for example, this is purely not what I want, but how, well, or, for example, to take a comparison there, to live now with my parents or separately? I would say separately. But it's necessary.
Speaker A: But really? What would be an honest answer?
Speaker B: No, I mean, it fits.
Speaker A: But I mean... Now, Julia, what would it be like if I asked you right now, Julia, do you want to live with your parents more or separately? What would you say?
Speaker B: In terms of, I say, my essence, it turns out, strives for comfort.
Speaker A: Well, that is, with parents.
Speaker B: Of course, with parents. But the other part wants the type separately. But you have to overcome something there.
Speaker A: Which one? Can you tell me about this part of you? Who wants all this.
Speaker B: I once lived separately for six months. Here. I liked. I was kind of able to close the apartment for her, and the needs there are my own. Here. There is also a moment that it seems to me now, or it's just how I see it now, so everything is clouded. I'm not interested in my city anymore. And where would I like to go?
Speaker A: And where do you live?
Speaker B: In Voronezh. On the other hand, it seems to me, from such a state, wherever I am now. Maybe I'll see everything so, I don't know, gray. That is, earlier, when there were, well, trips at least, and, well, it was interesting how... just seeing something new. Namely, to combine this, that I could live somewhere else. Well, I'm talking about it, it's kind of internal... Someone wants to, but I don't understand where. Well, or understand there, just try to go there for whatever will happen there. That is, I would be glad, yes, to feel there, oh, I'll go somewhere there, if there, I don't know, to change the place. I do not know, I went to the Crimea, now it's scary there. Here. That is, I have a feeling that what I want, as if I can't. Or the fact that now you need to immediately find money for your desires. And I have a job like that... Like when the customers show up, yes, there. but on the other hand, it seems to me that I will not run away from myself. That is, either... That is, these are some here, well, again, against... I have an idea, I think, since I think, you can just try and make sure. Is it true that I see the world gray there? Well, really, I won't run away from myself there? That is, maybe, at least on this idea somehow, for example, to try? And gray?
Speaker A: Gray? Gray or scary?
Speaker B: It's probably more depressing for me to be gray. Why do my hands drop when I'm not interested. I don't just want to make money. I will live with my parents, just not to earn money for the sake of going somewhere as a waitress. I will have total resistance. It's not scary for me, nothing, it's not interesting to me. That is, I seem to be ruled by interest. And that's when I had it, that's probably when I, as it were, experienced roundness. I found some interesting things, there, as it were, hobbies, too, there, in creativity, but for some reason, when I imagine that I'm just making some kind of my product, I also somehow block it. That is, for example, art, a person calls me, oh, come, draw this, this. That is, the person already knows what he wants, and as if I don't have to think. And if I'm going to be something of myself, that's it, I present it, I don't know, I post it, I show it. It can give a long way, as it were. I even thought about this idea in a relationship, as it were, and did not get there. also somehow one is on the other. Like that.
Speaker A: And yet, do you have any desires at the moment, besides not working, that you do not realize? for one reason or another.
Speaker B: I don't have an answer at all. That is, either I have something all inside, as it were, settled and blocked there. By the way, I've always fallen out of love with listening to myself, what I want now, and I do it as if I'm tired of doing it, too. It seems that in some ways I know what I like there, well, in the sense of just being there from the world, but exactly or globally somehow. I can say, I just like, I don't know, traveling there, I don't know, sometimes doing creative work, but it's not about money, not about work yet.
Speaker A: And what are you filled with now?
Speaker B: Again?
Speaker A: What are you filled with now? I mean� Scarier than anything. Eh?
Speaker B: Scarier than anyone. Disappointment, unfortunately.
Speaker A: Okay, okay. Come on, I'm flexing my fingers. Disappointment, unfortunately.
Speaker B: With sadness. Well, it's hard to call emptiness. There's a lot here, right? I would like to ask. Okay, I don't know. Hands down, how is it? Well, it's a disappointment. There are no excommunications. That's it, that's the main thing. I don't even know what else. That is, I'm even in nature right now and going somewhere, I'm not interested in one thing anymore.
Speaker A: And how do your parents feel about what you are announcing now?
Speaker B: No, well, nothing so far. Well, they are, I know they won't kick me out.
Speaker A: And how do they relate? Well, the 35-year-old daughter lives with them.
Speaker B: The house is not working yet, nothing drastic was said simply and when they started something wrong there, they just won't say anything, but I'm straight tears to criticism, it seems to me either they are afraid to say something superfluous to me now, well, it feels like it's okay for them to have me, for example, I so I understand, but I will not allow myself to have money from them, for example, some there, that is, they do not feel sorry for me, as it were, to feed me, or that I, well, as it were, live with them. That is, they are, as it were, this is normal for them. But for the rest of the needs, this is, as it were, I myself will not ask, and, as it were, and... Or maybe Chong would have asked, if, well, Chong really would have been sure that there, give me a loan, and I'll pay it back later. I don't even have anything right now, well, nothing to ask for.
Speaker A: And how do they live? Not in the sense of what they earn, but what they live in the sense of what their lives are filled with?
Speaker B: My mother was a housewife, and my father retired, and this year they live more time in the country. And they are engaged in their own plots, farming. I'm not particularly partial to it. There is also an older sister with grandchildren, that is, they help them.
Speaker A: How does the older sister live?
Speaker B: Husband with children. Normal. Family normal cell. Adequate from the outside.
Speaker A: Not from the outside.
Speaker B: What?
Speaker A: Not from the outside.
Speaker B: Ah, well, he speaks normally. I can hang my projections there, as it were, well, in terms of, well, I would probably be bored, so I probably don't live. Well, they're fine. It's like, you know, like a family, like there, the value is there, like a family, although there's a lot going on there in life, there's a lot going on there, they're shorter and more mundane, and I'm a creative person to some extent, and therefore I can't seem to connect with them a little bit. I probably won't find it, and that's just the family for me and the work is very depressing, well, I may have grown up in this, because they're like family-family, and what's the use there, I don't know. As if the moral component was also a lot of some unpleasant. That is, to say that I saw my parents somehow happy. I mean, me too... Well, like they live normally, it's just that people are somehow satisfied with just living normally, but for some reason I'm not. I don't know what kind of it I have... Well, maybe everyone just has their own normally different ones. I can guess that.
Speaker A: Would you say that your mom is happy in her life?
Speaker B: No. I thought she said she was happy. It seems to me, regarding, like, her life for her, this is probably, like, the height of perfection. But it is from the outside, Well, it is in my understanding of global happiness. And so, in general, it seems to me, it's fine. They live, it seems to me, even this suits them.
Speaker A: We have three minutes left. Despite such a short period of time, I will ask the question again. What would your request sound like?
Speaker B: Sound?
Speaker A: Well, how could you formulate it?
Speaker B: Well, you know, here with you, yes, how much time we spent. By the way, the time in someone's life seemed to be probably even more than just this. Well, after all, I felt that it was important for me about my spiritual impulses. I feel like I don't fully believe in them. That is, that's how I even described to you now an example with parents, for them it's normal, just a family. And, perhaps, I may have been hurt in my relationship, too, that it seems we are going to the family, and there I can't turn on some more of my own things, and he was not against it there. Right now there's a little more feeling that, damn, if it hits me in the head, it's really easy to go somewhere, well, just then, well, take and go, that is. That is, right now I am, well, on the difference just with this life, probably more interested in this than, for example, just looking for a job there, I don't know. somehow, everything is already sinking, that is, it may be more interesting for me to look for a job somewhere, that is, right now I'm at least feeling this difference more. Perhaps it is significant, because I have at least a millimeter of some kind of enlightenment there, I don't know, I can kind of get inspired on this energy. That's probably it... Just to pay attention to your emotional impulses and throw away these familiar, maybe even external views of some kind. Well, like, that's the family and everything, and the main thing is there, or your sister says there, you have a man there gold, somewhere there it is, you'll find someone else there better. I say, like, just to settle down in this, I'd rather not find anyone than, well, just not be there alone. That is, for me, too... Now I just don't even have a request, but as a conclusion, what to do, probably what will suddenly come to my mind now, because it's too stupid for me.
Speaker A: Are you summing up the fact that somehow a small light appeared?
Speaker B: Right now it's a millimeter straight, yes. And it's even significant.
Speaker A: And what do you want to do from this millimeter? Leave?
Speaker B: Oh, I haven't seen Misha Vasilyevich even now. Leave? Damn, well you're telling me it's all coming up inside. To leave. Cool. I have a girlfriend there in Abkhazia. And then, maybe, I will also probe the soil. Well, that is, here, yes, just to feel it out, and that is, it will already be at least somewhere for me to direct my energy, because while it wasn't going anywhere for me, it all just, well, got stuck, and it's like an impenetrable swamp, that's it. And it turns out, yes, that even if something is inadequate or like there, maybe without money even somewhere, well, I mean, scrape together something like that, for the necessary, and, like, come what may. That is, right now it seems to me like it's really more suitable for me, damn it, than just living here. That is, right now I'm going to sort of live with this, well, that is, right now it's like, even this non-specific for me more, well, becomes some kind of explicit message of mine. Uh-huh. Well.
Speaker A: So our meeting was not in vain.
Speaker B: Yes, if you somehow reflect everything in this from the outside, you know how to do it directly.
Speaker A: What, is there something to reflect now? I didn't quite understand that... If you formulate a question...
Speaker B: Or maybe you will somehow summarize everything that you have heard, because, for example, I feel ashamed, as if people sometimes say all this honestly, because it seems to me that some kind of inadequate will regard me.
Speaker A: But I understand your condition, I understand this multidirectional vector of movements from one side outward, from the other side inward. Life is really a scary thing, frightening.
Speaker B: My nerves are all mine.
Speaker A: No, but I mean, taking a step outside is always scarier than sitting in comfort. And you say that a part of you wants to take these steps outside. And this is always associated with discomfort. It's always going against the current, and it requires, well, some kind of courage, which you obviously have.
Speaker B: Well, it kind of happens, yes. No, well, that's the goal, then it's not scary. Well, it's scary, but it's surmountable. And when you don't know where to move at all, then, accordingly, like, why is it scary? Here. That is why I need at least something there, some inner message to overcome this. that a resource has appeared, it's scary to overcome it. That is, this for me is probably also as important for me.
Speaker A: Okay, we need to end this. That's it, I do not know what to add. In my opinion, they came out well.
Speaker B: I'm glad too. Thank you very much for making this happen. For me, I think this is a very important aspect right now. And in general, I just watched it, and now I can interact with you. Just so comfortable. It is unusual when a person from the Internet is confirmed like this in personal interaction. to reflect, what I felt from you, as if for some reason it somehow responded to me. And that is, for me, it is probably very, very, supernaturally valuable at this stage. Thank you for the opportunity.
Speaker A: Happily, happily. Then you switch off, and I'll leave a postscript, and a recording will appear in the evening. That's it, I'm left alone. I will try to formulate a small postscript. I said a little earlier what I wanted to say a little later. As a postscript, I wanted to formulate the idea that life is really such a frightening thing, especially life in the sense of vitality, life in the sense of getting out of the familiar, in the sense of getting out of the comfortable, especially when the system in which we grew up, in which we exist, to broadcast something back, we have to apply a double effort, when in order to feel full, you need to take a step outside, when there is such a structure inside you, pulling you back. And it was really clear to me, as far as possible, of course, what Yulia was talking about.
Speaker B: And.
Speaker A: I am glad that by the end of the meeting there was such a thing, some amount of energy was released. And I think it's important. When it seems that there are no forces, most likely, it means that the forces are going to something else. And when it turns out to unravel this other a little, then there are forces for something else. Well, then you need courage and readiness. Perhaps that's all. Perhaps that's all. I won't formulate it for a long, long time. Let me remind you that... Let me remind you that now there is a small sale on packages of 11 reviews of my open consultations. You can read which you can in the description of this video. All. Until next week. See you. Happily.