Speaker B: The request is internal, the need to resolve some tasks that accompany me all my life. I'm trying to sort them out. And, of course, take advantage of this opportunity to heal something in yourself.
Speaker A: This is such an unusual format. I mean our shooting. That this is a shooting, that this is a recording, that it will be posted somewhere. Nevertheless, you expressed a desire and took this bold step. Do you have an explanation for this somehow? Why did you decide to do it in this format?
Speaker B: The spirit of adventurism has never left me. I love everything unusual, that's why... And then using them, let's say.
Speaker A: Okay. What would you like to talk about?
Speaker B: I would like to talk about myself. There are a number of internal problems, let's say, injuries. That's what I call it now, I know what it's called now. And I would probably like to collect some kind of puzzle once again in addition to the integrity of some. Because the path is long, let's say, yes, from childhood. We all come from childhood. And a little bit by little, some kind of integrity looms. And maybe our meeting will somehow help you to feel more of yourself, maybe to feel some kind of inner support in yourself.
Speaker A: What would you see as the result of this meeting? Here we have 50 minutes. What would you like to have at the output?
Speaker B: Insight, maybe some kind of awareness. Well, something. Something new that I don't see, I don't know.
Speaker A: Why do you need this? Well, an insight to what?
Speaker B: Well, to feel self-reliance, self-confidence or to get to know yourself more.
Speaker A: So you don't know yourself well?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: What don't you know about yourself?
Speaker B: Now I'm in a midlife crisis, and some things are still being played, which, let's say, there were some crises as a child, but which I didn't suspect, because I lived in a single-parent family, mom died early, dad is an alcoholic, and, accordingly, when I grew up, I intuitively walked somehow. towards happiness, towards harmony, towards some things that I saw on TV or saw in the example of life. But it seems that she is already an adult, and has received an education, has already somehow realized, but still there is no such integrity. It's like you're still a little kid, you don't know where to go sometimes. That is, you have to do something by touch or by trial and error. It's tiring and it's disappointing in itself. You think, well, what else is needed in order to see this picture that you dreamed of, but already to be its hero, so to speak.
Speaker A: Can you tell us about this picture?
Speaker B: I can. It's a family. I want a family. But I don't have it in any way. I was married, I've been divorced for 10 years, I've been raising my son for 12 years. By today's standards, my ex-husband is a successful man, but as soon as we reached a certain standard of living, I destroyed this family. That is, I really went, sabotaged the breakup.
Speaker A: Sabotaged or promoted?
Speaker B: I can say that I provoked a breakup and destroyed what I was kind of going for.
Speaker A: Probably there were some reasons for this?
Speaker B: Well, depending on the father. Oh, well, yes, you can make a reservation, yes. I had an alcohol-addicted dad, and he died of alcoholism. And my ex-husband also started drinking in marriage. That is, as soon as we began to live with him, got married, that is, his alcoholism began to progress. Although before our relationship, I immediately told my problems and say I'm not ready to be in a relationship with a man who has an addiction. He assured me that no, I don't, I control this story, and in general I am independent. But in the end it turned out that he was a straight beer alcoholic. And I gave birth to a son, and it got even worse. He's been drinking all weekend. I am myself with my own stories, tasks, goals. As a result, they sort of broke up. But people with addiction come into my life all the time. That is, I kind of attract them. I myself am also kind of addicted, but it's more food. And as a result, I realize that I attract men to me like my father, an alcoholic, weak somewhere in something. That is, either they do not drink at the entrance to the relationship, that is, or they imitate that they do not drink, and in the relationship I somehow reveal them. I mean, I don't know, I somehow attract them all, and I'm already tired of it.
Speaker A: It feels like you blame yourself for what is happening, that people are starting to drink with you, I don't know. and somehow it gets worse for them. And if I heard you correctly, are you so worried about it?
Speaker B: I think that I, on the contrary, in some way, by some kind of filter, I find them on the contrary, and I myself may be inclined to choose this type of personality. That is, a successful person, without dependence, maybe, it seems to me, I am not quite worthy of such a person. Because maybe I didn't have another example. Father is like a prototype of my men. How did I understand that? I want to change it, I can't. And choosing such people, such men, in the end I cannot create a family, because it is difficult to do it with such a person.
Speaker A: Do you have a relationship now?
Speaker B: Yes, I have a relationship. Also a person with addictions. Well, I "saved" him, like, in quotes. He's also a former drug addict. And he's 9 years younger than me. But again, this is also some kind of skew, this is some kind of rescue story. I'm not there. That is, it turns out that I spend my whole life on the fact that I... well, sort of get into a relationship, it seems like how to create a family and finally get some kind of integrity, which I lacked as a child, when dad was there with him, and mom was not there, and I could have been there for weeks to be alone. And as a result, my child is not growing up in a full family now, and they don't see the best examples either. Mom is always in some kind of rescue stories, where there is no such fullness, joy, yes, that is, I am developing my young boyfriend now, yes, that is, to get out of addiction, get an education or a decent job. That is, I spend my energy in the wrong place.
Speaker A: This is a very elitist mission for you.
Speaker B: Which bothers me, yes. I would like to fill my life, take care of myself already.
Speaker A: What does your life look like?
Speaker B: This is some kind of harmonious story with an interesting weekend somewhere out of town.
Speaker A: You are talking about some kind of picture of the life that you would like. I'm asking about what your life looks like today.
Speaker B: Today's life. This is an office job. There is also some kind of rescue story. I am engaged in recruitment. And very often I choose people based on the principle of how to help them. That is, even if a person... I understand that he needs a job more than another candidate who... better, maybe, in some ways more stable, then I intuitively begin to choose the one who needs this job more. That is, I also force a little on the wrong priorities. In the evening I come home, cook dinner. I'm trying to raise my son. He's in puberty now, it's a difficult period. And in the hope that my man will help me to raise him somehow. And my man is still young himself. And how old is he? 27 years old. I'm 36.
Speaker A: Well, young is relatively enough. 27 is the age.
Speaker B: I agree. But considering that he has been in some ambitomine stories for three years, that is, now he is only sober for a year, only looks around there and understands what he wants and how to live differently. And I'm trying to help him with this. And we start going to theaters there, we want to spend our leisure time in an interesting way in the form of planning some kind of vacation there.
Speaker A: We, is that you?
Speaker B: In the end, yes.
Speaker A: In the sense that you take some custody and lead a bright life somewhere.
Speaker B: Yes. I feel pleasure when I can do something for a person. That is, I have a need to do good, because I allegedly feel somehow... Well, I have such an illusion, maybe a feeling that I come from a dysfunctional family. I got an education myself, I entered the budget. I always got a job on my own, without acquaintances. I've never had any support. I've done everything in my life by myself. There were good people who helped me, gave me support. But they were absolutely strangers, not relatives at all. And, accordingly, I am proud of it that I have come this way. I saved myself thanks to some good people too. And now it gives me pleasure to help people in one way or another. But it's woven into my personal life. I mean, it's like some kind of mission... but, in fact, I think that this is not the purpose of my life. I still want a family. I may have played too much. And this is not the first relationship. I've been in a relationship before. The man also drank well. Now he has not been drinking for a year, and I am also pleased that he does not drink, he has bought a house, he sets himself some tasks, goals. But that's where my life energy is involved. That is, I am not doing myself, I have no progress as such. Yes, I get pleasure from helping them, saving them. In this relationship, I am also a queen, a savior, or maybe a beloved woman. But this is not what I want, that is, in fact.
Speaker A: So I'm turning this question around inside somehow, but what would you like? Well, because that's how you describe all your relationships, working, personal, as something in which you enjoy, you like to save, you get satisfaction from it, but at the same time you somehow want it to be different. And how would you like to?
Speaker B: Well, in fact, my marriage is the only one and what brought me into the family, let's say, in the classical sense, it was saving me. My husband gave it to me. support, he gave me the opportunity to see the world, we traveled, he gave me a car, we had a baby, that is, he organized the wedding. For me it was like a fairy tale, it was like Cinderella. That is, he came into my life, he solved my problems. At that time, I may have mismanaged, I misdirected energy, I could also do... development, maybe get additional education. Well, that is, somehow here... Well, then everything was beautiful and good, but I used it wrong. Now, maybe I would like a second chance of some kind, where I would be in an equal partnership with a man, we created a family, and we had some common interests, goals and objectives. And so, it turns out, I have some kind of goal there... I have it inside my head, but I spend my energy and time saving those guys who, maybe, do not see the goal. I show them this goal. That is, I'm trying to say, come with me, see what interesting things I want in this life. Come on, be with me. I'll help you, but stay with me. But it's a little bit wrong, because I...
Speaker A: It looks like some kind of exchange. I will help you, and you will be with me for it.
Speaker B: Well, I think this is a story with my father, because we lived in the Far North, my father worked on gold, it was probably fashionable in Soviet times. And Mom... On gold? Well, I worked for some there... In the Far North there are no mines there, but there was an artel using the explosive method. And we are in the Far North, this is the village of Messschmitt, this is the Biring Strait not far away, that is, the Chukchi Sea. Dad worked as a watch, and on watch they spent a month on mining, a month at home, the whole month that he was at home, he drank, was on a binge. And when he wasn't there, I was also at home, well, alone. In fact, I've always been alone. And when he sent me from there, from Chukotka, to my grandmother, the only one left, let's say, in Asia, he promised to return. He said, I'm going to earn money now, I'll work for another year, I'll come, and we'll open a restaurant, cafe, something there. He promised me so, and I never saw him again. That is, I think that In these men I am saving or trying to close this story, or something, like Girshtal. I want to meet my father to maybe create something. Well, what I drew for myself as a child. Or maybe that's not my goal at all. That is, I also need to deal with this, I do not know. But half my life is already over, it's almost forty, in three years. And I'm still swimming in it. I have a son growing up myself, that is, what can I give him, or what? I have not yet received from life what I want to organize for myself, that is, to be realized, or something.
Speaker A: A lot of empathy wakes up. I see your tears. And they are very clear to me. And there is a lot of grief in them. About something that happened. And about something that isn't there. How do you feel now?
Speaker B: Well, when I cry, it makes me feel better.
Speaker A: There is such a thing that there is no past, and there is no future yet. And all that exists is only the present moment. And in this present moment you somehow live. You have the relationship that you have. The job is what it is. And life is exactly what it is at this moment. And all you can do is try to do something with this life. You keep making references to the past from which you came to the present. And into the future that you would like. But there is a real moment. And how do you feel in this present moment? And what does not suit you in this present moment? In simple words.
Speaker B: Uncertainty does not suit.
Speaker A: Uncertainty in what?
Speaker B: Uncertainty... I do not know what to do at the moment. That is, I am still now... What to do with what? It is probably necessary to plan, to strive for something. That is, what you believed before and what led you, it does not work now, it has dissolved. There is no goal.
Speaker A: Goals?
Speaker B: There is no goal.
Speaker A: Are you talking about a professional goal, a personal goal, or what kind of goal?
Speaker B: Well, as a child and in my youth, my goal was to grow up, get on my feet, I will achieve something interesting there, I will be like this, like this. And when you get it, well, I got it, yes, at that moment I studied at the institute in order to earn money, be confident in the future, or be in demand as a specialist. It led, it gave energy. And now it's like when there is no goal and no energy. You're kind of zeroed out. It's like I don't know where to go or what to do.
Speaker A: And at what point did you reset to zero?
Speaker B: Well, about a year and a half ago. Here I think that this is when the crisis started here, maybe it was sent here When I burned out at work, I realized that I was not interested in doing this, that I was a little more than this job. When I didn't want career growth. It is logical to have a desire to grow in work. I do not have this desire, I have no ambition to lead or become the head of a company, to open my own business. I have such goals. I ask myself the question, maybe, well, is there something wrong with me? Why do others have it? But I see such a trend that I'm not the only one. That is, I see more and more such people. Well, okay with these people, I would like to sort myself out. And I want to do something. It is interesting and enjoy it.
Speaker A: Something like that. Well, that is, a year and a half ago, something happened that the old values were outdated, and the new ones have not yet been formed. As if I want something, some kind of fulfillment, some kind of pleasure, as far as I hear. Some kind of relationship. And what it is is not very clear.
Speaker B: Well, maybe it's also due to the fact that at the age of 30 I decided to move. I came from Kazakhstan to St. Petersburg, fell in love with this city. I brought a child, bought a house. She proved something to herself. Well, here I can do it again. Well, as it was reset to zero. And it took a lot of energy to create the conditions that I had before my 30 years. But I went to St. Petersburg or to Russia in general in order to start a family again, because there are more Russian men here, well, and the age is more like this, well, it is close to me, to my age, that is, again, this goal was to create a family.
Speaker A: You went to St. Petersburg to start a family, but you created comfortable living conditions for yourself and your child.
Speaker B: I can't say that it will be comfortable. I had more comfort in my homeland, because you were from your youth, more conditions, connections, and so on. It's all been worked out. When I came here, I had the illusion that I would renew my life, renew my society, renew my social circle, and something would change in my life. Maybe that's what I lacked in my former place in life. But in the end, I can't say that I have improved my standard of living. I have just acquired it now, but there are no longer these illusions that led me at that time. And I didn't get a family. That is, I haven't met any men either. Someone with whom I could create the family I dreamed of. Or maybe I've already come to the conclusion that I don't need it. And then what do I need? Unclear.
Speaker A: What do you need?
Speaker B: Happiness.
Speaker A: What is happiness for you?
Speaker B: It's different, yes. It is more simply expressed in a cake. In a cake.
Speaker A: Well, that's sweet.
Speaker B: Such a quick happiness. Sometimes dancing. Sometimes on a camping trip. Sometimes some meeting with an interesting person is unexpected. This also happens. And now it's in some kind of creativity, probably. It's not an easy time. I love to travel. And when I arrived in St. Petersburg, I was hoping that I would travel the world more often. But everything has changed. External economic situations do not give. To come to happiness, in my understanding, has become harder and harder. Then you need to look for it in simple things.
Speaker A: You have recorded many, many different aspects in which you get happiness. In cake, in dance, in creativity, in meeting people. And this is all happening in your life.
Speaker B: Yes, in one way or another, yes. It inspires me sometimes. Well, not sometimes it inspires, but it already, well, maybe in some ways it happens less often.
Speaker A: And you are looking for happiness as a certain point. I just have a feeling that you are talking about happiness as a certain point in time, in space, in which you reach this point. And everything. And from that moment on, you are happy. Is that how you perceive it?
Speaker B: Well, it would be good, of course. Traveling endlessly, it seems to me, is great, but, probably, it also got stuck.
Speaker A: Well, because I have some doubts that happiness as a kind of permanent state is achievable.
Speaker B: This is my childhood idea that something is going to happen now and you will be happy all the time. An illusion, some kind of childishness. Infantilism of some kind is present.
Speaker A: And what causes you unhappiness?
Speaker B: When plans fall apart. When you're disappointed in people.
Speaker A: And today? Well, if not abstractly, but more specifically. What brings you happiness, you have told. And what causes you unhappiness? Actually, I assume that's exactly why you're sitting in this chair right now.
Speaker B: When you plan something and the dream is a more distant part, but you plan and you fail. Well, in this case, the situation is this week. There were plans to go on vacation. It won't work now.
Speaker A: Already.
Speaker B: For a while. Yes, for a while. And in general, of course, panic. Causes discomfort. Not that discomfort. Confidence in the future. Perhaps the misfortune in my case is caused by the fact that I can't control something. Some kind of hypercontrol.
Speaker A: Can you tell us about your condition of the last few days?
Speaker B: Well, it started much earlier. It started with unrest in Kazakhstan, so.
Speaker A: How I was born in Kazakhstan. Since January?
Speaker B: Since January.
Speaker A: I will tell the audience that we are meeting on what date today? February 28. February 28, that is, now there is, in general, the whole conflict that is happening.
Speaker B: I mean, January was just hellish for me, yes, as I have relatives and some friends there, well, my friends. Accordingly, when the connection was disconnected, that is, well, I was on the phone, I was listening to the news, at least some information, that is, this nedo, you know what's going on. And... That is, after five days there, when relatives got in touch, of course, it made it easier, but this is a state of panic, And now the situation, of course, continues as if, because it is even closer to you. There were plans for the summer to send the child to his father for the summer, well, as if on vacation. It's scary now, because the flights, additional harsh measures, it certainly affects everyone. But in general, you can't do anything. Unknown. She, of course, presses. Well, you try not to watch TV. I haven't watched TV for a long time, and in general, as soon as you start to navigate a little, well, you have to understand what's going on. You start reading it, listening to it, and in an even more depressed state you realize that you can't do anything, you don't understand anything, and you just block this one, well, like you put a veil. But it's necessary somehow... To live and do something, in addition to their own inner experiences, also social, they press, of course.
Speaker A: Do you have any support?
Speaker B: Yes, I have. My boyfriend is young, friends. Well, in general, I am subscribed to various interesting people who give some techniques and meditations, and you try to work with it yourself somehow. And you use such opportunities as we have now, for example.
Speaker A: I would like to note that you generally know quite a lot about yourself and are able to work with your states. From our whole conversation, it seems that you know how to switch off where you need to, and turn on where you need to, and take care of yourself, and get some pleasure, as far as possible, based on the context. And I would also like to say that you have never said anything about your relationship. Every time I ask you what you would like to change and what you don't like, you always talk about everything else except your relationship. And this raises quite a logical question. Are you really satisfied with your relationship? Or do you avoid talking about your relationship?
Speaker B: No, I'm not avoiding. It's also unclear what will happen, I'm in the moment. That is, I enjoy it. I try to get as much as possible, well, just positive.
Speaker A: — From a relationship?
Speaker B: — From relationships. We agreed not to discuss politics in the house, because it is us... Since we are from different social cultures, I am there in Asia, in particular, yes, I was brought up more at Ontspetrozavodsk. And that, of course... North, Asia.
Speaker A: Different cultures.
Speaker B: Different views. There is more in me, I do not know, to give support. He has more on the other part. We have some roots connected with Ukraine. Well, everyone has their own life experience. And, of course, we encounter and we decided not to discuss it. But everyone experiences it in their own way. But there is still support in this, because we can even keep silent about it together. Some information has been received that there is an increase in prices, that now we will, let's say, pay for it all, everyone. We laugh, maybe we should go buy buckwheat for the whole salary, the availability of money and so on. But it's still easier thanks to my man, because he's such a musician, he's easy, well, plus his experience of three years of communication, certainty. That is, he teaches me in my given time, I am learning from him. Because before that I had a different model of behavior. I have always controlled, planned. This is what the institute taught me, experience in the banking sector, some kind of long-term, short-term plan. Now I am learning to live in a new way, and it has become easier for me to live like this within the framework of recent events.
Speaker A: So you have a good relationship?
Speaker B: Yes. They are good, they are pleasant, but they will not lead to something stable, well, in my understanding. But maybe it's not necessary. Here it is necessary to rebuild. Perhaps I am in this process now that I don't need to think about what will happen in six months, in a year, but I need to enjoy what I am now.
Speaker A: In general, now is the time when, more than ever, all that remains is to enjoy what we have today. How interesting, the focus has changed, right? In the sense that you started with how you lack a good relationship, and how now you say that the relationship, in fact, you have a good enough one. Have you internally changed the relationship somehow? to this question? Or is it being conducted differently for you now?
Speaker B: There's always something struggling inside. That is, the old part of me, my previous experience says, no, you need to think about what will happen next, three steps ahead. And the new me, the renewed one, who has experienced all this, moving, socialization, adaptation to, say, cultural peculiarities, in the relationship with people, says joy about the sun. So we went for a walk in the center yesterday and enjoyed this sunshine, enjoyed that, perhaps, there are no, let's say, revolutions, I do not know what to call it, unrest, which TV and the media talk about. that we have the opportunity to walk around such a beautiful city, that we are quiet, that it is calm.
Speaker A: You say that some rational part of you, taught by sad experience, tells you to look into the future, and there is something wrong with this relationship in this future. And what's wrong with this relationship in the future?
Speaker B: And maybe there won't be any in the future.
Speaker A: As in any other relationship. What scares you in the future in this particular relationship?
Speaker B: Well, that you get attached to a person. You will invest a lot of your soul. Well, maybe their expectations.
Speaker A: Well, as in any relationship, I want to say.
Speaker B: Well, that's right. And there may be some kind of pain, some kind of injury will happen. Well, that is, I'm just worried in advance, or rather I want to protect myself. I'm preparing internally, it turns out. Maybe I'm also provoking. No, I don't know.
Speaker A: No, it's like you're asking me, I don't know if you're provoking me or not. Do you feel that you are provoking something?
Speaker B: No. The last couple of months, I think I kind of froze. I have a waiting position now. Expectation. Or even froze. And I enjoy it. I begin to move a little, look around, breathe. Expect spring.
Speaker A: And you didn't reformulate. And what will happen to this relationship? Here you will trust, here you are somehow... Build some expectations. And what can happen to this at all?
Speaker B: Well, they are... They will disappear. This relationship.
Speaker A: I would like to say, like any others.
Speaker B: You.
Speaker A: You are afraid of something that can happen in any relationship. Any relationship can end, any relationship can be interrupted. In any relationship, it can be painful. And this is also the main difficulty of real relationships. that when you open up, when you let someone into your inner world, you automatically increase the risk that you will be really hurt.
Speaker B: This is probably the essence of the relationship, that they can be... Well, maybe that's the job. Taking this part of the relationship as a risk all the time, well, as a result, right?
Speaker A: Well, based on your experience as a child, an adult, you have been hurt many times. And it hurts quite a lot. I think that, well, in general, you, as a person who has already been burned, know what it is. And it's understandable your desire not to want to meet with it, because, well, it really hurts.
Speaker B: Don't cling, yes, let's say, to a relationship, because before that I had a stranglehold. If I go into a relationship, then I want to have guarantees. Is it to stutter, or something, I do not know how to grab a man with a death grip.
Speaker A: And don't let go anywhere.
Speaker B: And don't let go anywhere, strangle. Well, it's a kind of control. But now I feel internal changes in terms of, well, in general, I think everything affects. Because it is now a relationship with this young man. Probably, any person in his place would transform me. Now, in general, you are letting go of some strange state. And I think maybe it's not good.
Speaker A: Your voice seems to have changed now, have you noticed? What is the reason for this?
Speaker B: Some changes. Maybe that's what these crises are for? Yes? These are thoughts out loud now.
Speaker A: Okay, okay. Well, when is it possible to extract changes from a crisis, and not stay in place? No way.
Speaker B: Nothing. Well, changes, they change you, and you need to get, well, let's say, from everything, probably some benefit from the crisis. As a result, this is some kind of internal transformation. That is, it is probably happening now. I just didn't realize it.
Speaker A: Do you realize now?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: I mean, in the course of our dialogue?
Speaker B: Yes. But, apparently, many factors contribute to this. I understand that.
Speaker A: I am sincerely happy for you.
Speaker B: I'm also pleased.
Speaker A: When I asked you at the very beginning what you would like, you said that you would like some insights, discoveries about yourself. And, apparently, they are happening.
Speaker B: Yes, I am aware of them now.
Speaker A: And what would you like out of this state? Which of these states can you have a request for?
Speaker B: Yes, in general, I now have a sense of liberation of some kind, freedom. Because, apparently, I was held hostage by this old paradigm of mine. A look at relationships and life in general. And now this is changing, and it's scary, of course, that it's changing, because it's familiar to you.
Speaker A: So it has become scary now?
Speaker B: No, on the contrary, it has become easy for me now. I feel better. I'm probably ready for this. To change.
Speaker A: How would you describe them? Well, what kind of changes are you ready for?
Speaker B: This... to be able to let go and not hold on to the old, probably, foundations, some experiences, not to drag them at the moment of today.
Speaker A: I can see your smile on your face. The audience, unfortunately, can't see me. And I don't want to interrupt and disrupt this state of yours. What would you need now? Here we have now... We still have about eight minutes. And it's good for you. And you smile. And you're not crying anymore. What would you like to devote these eight minutes to?
Speaker B: The joy of insider.
Speaker A: Do you want to be with you or do you want to share it out loud?
Speaker B: That's interesting. It's just happening in me right now. It's great. I mean, I don't even know. I'm just feeling good right now. In my opinion, an insider happened. And he pleases me now inside.
Speaker A: Do you have any experience working with psychologists?
Speaker B: Yes, I understood that I needed it. It's just that before that I was kind of skeptical about it, like, well, come talk. And when there are some changes, but they are so subtle at first, In the last six months ago I had the experience of psychotherapy via Skype. Also something like not to touch, not to feel. But when in a long history, a couple of months, it helps, it's great. There is trust, and now, it seems to me, it somehow accelerates the process of some positive dynamics.
Speaker A: So you have psychotherapy right now? No. Or did you finish that course?
Speaker B: It's not that I finished, I didn't have the opportunity to continue, because it's quite a story with a financial burden.
Speaker A: Psychology costs money.
Speaker B: It's true. I know that this is a cool tool that, as it is now, gives inner liberation, which can prevent you from living every day, just living, enjoying something.
Speaker A: And what are your plans for today? I understand it's morning, and you're going to work. And what's your schedule next?
Speaker B: I'm working in the office today. I think I will enjoy life just by shining a light in terms of my condition. And in the evening I will come and share with my family how my consultation with you went. I will share it with my friends, who are also waiting for my story, my new experience.
Speaker A: So your environment is aware?
Speaker B: Of course, they shared their joy.
Speaker A: On camera?
Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes. All right.
Speaker A: Does the young man live with you?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So, in general, do you already have some kind of family?
Speaker B: Yes, but not in the way that it was drawn to me from childhood. That is, we can say, yes, there is a family.
Speaker A: In general, it seems to me that a real family is somewhat different from what we were told in childhood.
Speaker B: Apparently, yes. It was all so, apparently, clumsy, clear, rigid. And now it can be called a family. When there is a male component that gives some kind of energy, masculinity, even to say, that's it, let's agree, some kind of rigidity, this will not be in the house. That is, in fact, despite his young age, a man manifests himself, and this gives some kind of support. Great.
Speaker A: It seems to me that this is the end, this feeling of some kind of fullness and your smile. Do you need to say something or ask, or somehow complete, put an end to this process?
Speaker B: I just want to say thank you. It was great.
Speaker A: Oddly enough, this consultation for me is not about self-dependence and not about the image of a father. It could be somewhere in the future, somewhere in the following places. But this consultation, we work, we always work based on each specific meeting. And for me, the hypothesis of this meeting was that some kind of revision of one's own life for this client. Because Kien came with the fact that he is not satisfied with the way he lives, but he wants something different. And in this case, such a simple revision of what is, and in general, what exactly does not like, and in general, somehow what exactly does not suit, it seems to me, has largely helped to see the good that is. And if you remember, the client came with the fact that he wants some other relationship, that he wants something fundamentally different, and by the end of the conversation, the client allowed a thought, allowed an insight that, in general, and what is, corresponds to the present moment, meets the needs of the present moment and quite it is viable for itself. And I think this is a very important thing. There is such an idea, it is very popular now, that you need to get rid of something, strive to be better somewhere, work out something inside yourself. And it was clear that the client was prepared, that the client already knows about his own patterns, which pleases, of course. But all this knowledge, they are, in general, They are very theoretical, but in practice it turns out that everything that exists is the present moment, and the present moment is not so bad. And that it is not necessary to get rid of some parts of ourselves and strive for something sterile ideal, which we were taught by films, textbooks and our parents. Because most often unreal life differs from the picture that we have in our head.
Speaker B: Why is the vector on the present? And the present is formed by the experience that the client had in the past.
Speaker A: Yes, this is assuming that there is something wrong with the present. And I just noticed for myself, I think I told the client about it, that the client talks a lot about what has already happened, or what may be. and about what is happening in the present, there was practically no sound. It's not necessarily that what happened once in the past makes us unhappy today. That is, what happened in the past, it certainly shapes us, but the present is the present, and in the present the relations that exist, it makes sense to talk about these relations. And in this case, in this consultation, I thought it was important. Maybe somewhere later I would offer some kind of digression into the past, and it is clear that there are still a sufficient number of feelings associated with past breakups, losses, and we could talk about this. But specifically today it seemed important to me to talk about exactly what is happening now, and, in general, as practice has shown, this vector was correct.
Speaker B: The fact that you are focused on the present, how does this relate to what is happening now?
Speaker A: Yes, it is connected. Because it was clear that at the moment there is a fairly large number of feelings about what is happening around. And let me remind you, we are talking at the peak of international events that have invaded our lives. And it was clear that there is energy in this place, there are feelings. It makes sense to talk about this without going somewhere into the past or into the future. The main idea from this consultation for me is that real life is different from psychology books and romantic films. In real life, you can have a happy relationship and be codependent, forgive me this word, or be dependent. It's not a question of us all being sterile and correct and perfect, but that we are who we are, and we somehow try to build our relationships based on this. In any relationship, the question is always not in formulations, diagnoses or some fashionable names, but in the fact that relationships are a living thing, this is real life.