Speaker B: I had work experience, I am also in therapy now. In total, I've probably been working with a psychologist for about three years. I had two different psychologists. And the first therapy started with the fact that I was in a rather critical condition, I started having panic attacks. in general, there, my hands were not shallow, there was a feeling that I was going to fall into a lobster, in general, and so on. And, actually, that's what I came with. I realized that I couldn't cope on my own, apparently, with what was happening to me, but that's what brought me to therapy. And, in fact, probably all the work, we worked for about two years in total, that is, I came out of an acute condition pretty quickly, maybe in a couple of months, well, even less than in a couple of months. Well, and then we worked for two years with a woman, and in general, the therapy was aimed at learning to hear myself, to notice some weak signals that I was tired, including taking care of myself, taking care of myself, I would put it this way. Well, along the way, we sorted out some different stories with her, my personal ones. And then, before I wanted to become a mom, I decided that I would like not to carry my own cockroaches into parenthood, I decided that I wanted to work out some of my own, maybe, fears related specifically to the role of a parent and some kind of relationship in the family, in a couple too, which may change due to the birth of children. And so my second therapy began. I am currently working with this psychologist, but on a slightly different topic. And in general, I think it's a good thing to work with a psychologist, like health, it's not only physical, but also mental, and generally a useful thing on a regular basis, it seems to me, to do this.
Speaker A: Great. And what brought you to me in such an unusual format today?
Speaker B: To be honest, I do not know how, but YouTube gave me your open consultations in recommendations a long time ago. Well, since I have been interested in the topic in general for some time, well, not that I am interested in the topic of psychology, but since I myself am a person who loves introspection very much, I mean, I like to observe my reactions, I learn to interact better with my feelings, emotions, this topic is interesting to me. I started watching your consultations, I thought how great it was, that is, I liked it, and it became interesting to try it myself, too, because it's a completely different, well, not a completely different format, it seems to be the same, but the fact that there are, as it were, even though we don't see them, but some viewers of the whole process, it gives some new facets. I thought that maybe This is something for me, including, yes, something new, useful. Well, I also wanted to join your business a little bit, because it seems to me that what you are doing is useful and healthy.
Speaker A: Thank you. And yet, what brings you here?
Speaker B: What is my request, do you mean? There is one topic that is connected, well, probably Everything is connected with some personal stories in any case. The topic concerning my relationship with aggression, with manifestations of aggression both in me and in other people, which I periodically encounter, relatively speaking, I try to approach it somehow from different ends. And although the process is going on, and I see that there are some changes in me in relation to this issue, but I do not stop approaching it. And, actually, for the same request, I would like to talk to you, try, see what happens. How it will respond to me later, also in the process, I wonder. And, therefore, not just aggression, but probably how to formulate it better. Probably, you will ask questions yourself, I will go somewhere further, but in short, here is probably the most typical situation, not typical in the sense of how to describe today, which is most relevant today. My husband and I are parents of three small children together, our eldest daughter is three years old, our younger children are a little over a year old. Accordingly, we are generally quite tired, because at least we have... Well, that's understandable. It's just that we're both still working, I must say. In general, therefore, the load is heavy on us. We sleep a little. Well, we don't sleep enough. We have help, thank God, as they say, nannies. And there is a grandmother who moved to the territory of Ukraine due to the war. We live in France, I must say. She didn't say. Here. And she moved to France, too, and helps a lot with her eldest daughter. But, nevertheless, in general, we still get tired. And, in general, there are fewer forces, including resources, to cope with some difficult situations or difficult emotions for us, they are becoming less, less. And periodically, from time to time, plus there are some other situations in life, and it happens that either my husband or I get quite strong emotions, we enter some kind of state of some aggression, some kind of affect may be small. And it scares me. This, in fact, I would probably like to talk about, somehow try to give up on this. It scares me a lot. And if at first, when I began to think about it for the first time, well, not to think, but somehow try to feel what exactly was happening to me, I was more scared, I probably didn't really look at myself, I paid attention to myself. I looked more at when my husband somehow behaved aggressively. And I was scared in the first place, in general, it's in him. And some scenarios were starting to unfold in my head, apparently, of what would be there, what could happen. And then, over time, in general, I realized that it also scares me very much about myself. When some kind of outburst of rage arises in me, I am very afraid of myself. And I'm afraid, because it seems to me that it's difficult to control yourself in such moments. And I'm afraid that I might do something wrong to children, in particular, first of all, probably in relation to children. I'll give you an example. When I'm not exactly in control of myself, some reflexes turn on, I don't know, probably. For example, it's late, I want to sleep. And it happens that my daughter lies down there at home, I sit next to her, and it happens that she lies down with me in bed. And if for some reason she doesn't fall asleep, and I want to sleep, I'm tired, and she, for example, gives me pain with her foot somewhere, then I can automatically ... I have some kind of reaction just uncontrollably automatic, I can also hit her back. And it scares me, I don't like it, but as an example of what… And the thing that scares me the most is that this reaction turns on before consciousness turns on, it will give some kind of conditional stop signal.
Speaker A: Did you say that you started psychotherapy about three years ago?
Speaker B: Well, it was, I said, three, but not quite. That is, in total, I probably have been studying for three years, maybe even more, maybe three and a half, but it all started with a break from me. I started therapy in the 17th year, it was in winter. Here is somewhere in January, at the beginning of the 17th year.
Speaker A: So this is before the birth of the eldest daughter?
Speaker B: Before the birth, yes, of the eldest daughter. My daughter was born in the 20th. How are you doing?
Speaker A: With three children in France with two year olds?
Speaker B: On the one hand, I like it, that is, I have no feelings, I don't know how to say, regret that I have difficult children, or some, I don't know, irritation about this, and that I don't work. But on the other hand, I get tired, of course. I feel like I'm getting tired. I try to give myself as much as possible some opportunities to breathe and rest and go to bed early, when it is possible at every opportunity. But the objective fact is that I get tired, that it's hard. But, how to say, no... You know, the most difficult thing, probably, is when even unforeseen changes happen, I have somehow become more or less used to this, because it happens to children all the time, something goes wrong. It's hard when some, well, let's say, now my daughter will go to school, so-called, here in September, and it will be Accordingly, our scheme of actions will change from morning and evening, in general, and so on. And it will be necessary to get up even earlier. This does not please me. I feel sorry for myself. Here I am sitting like this, it's really a pity. But, on the other hand, I understand that, in general, we have already got used to this. In general, all this... You need to go through some adjustment period, and then... then there will be some kind of routine and it will be easier. But I feel that now it will be, from the next week, probably, there will be a difficult period. I say, and it seems like it's not like I want to cry right now, but I feel very sorry for myself for this period, because it will be really difficult. That is, it is already difficult, yes, it will be more difficult. Here is a period when some kind of change, which will then be permanent, it is necessary somehow, it is necessary, so to speak, to pull yourself together and survive it.
Speaker A: What is the most difficult thing for you in parenthood? Well, the most unbearable, the most difficult thing to adjust to.
Speaker B: At the very beginning, the most difficult thing was probably not sleeping, well, in the sense of little sleep, because I generally, well, and my husband and I are two together, We are owls, so-called, we are more active in the evenings and do not like early rises in the morning. In principle, our children are not the worst option with our water. That is, they don't get up super early. Let's say that now the earliest awakening is at 7 o'clock. It's good. I know that there are children who get up at 5, and for me it would be just a shot. I mean, I have no idea. When they are sick, of course, they wake up there often and may wake up early and so on. in general, the regime is normal, but with my first daughter it was the most unpleasant for me, it was a shock, probably not that there was less sleep there, but that when you want to sleep, you can't sleep often. It was the most difficult, unpleasant, probably.
Speaker A: Don't you belong to yourself in this sense?
Speaker B: Well, probably so, yes, and that you can't... I do not know, this is about the same thing, probably, that, if we talk about the same thing, control over some situation in your life and so on, that the child, if he has already woken up in the morning, he can no longer be put to bed. This was the most difficult thing for me, because I imagined that you could say, sleep, baby, as if they say, give milk to drink, and that's it, the child will fall asleep. But it turned out not to be so. And at first, when my daughter was the first to wake up, but she slept worse than the younger children, It was generally a nightmare. That is, at first I adapted for a very long time. And the second thing, I'm saying and thinking, is that... And then, probably, it is necessary to talk to my husband about something. In general, I have a feeling that my husband generally tolerates lack of sleep worse than I do. That is, I am bad, and he is even worse. And I'm kind of inside myself, it seems to me that I'm trying to take care of him somehow. That is, I take on an additional load of this here... That is, no matter how I look after the children there periodically, he helps a lot at the same time. That is, it's not like the husband doesn't do anything. But there in the morning, for example, I am with the children, I take care of his sleep, because from experience he gets tired much more from... he needs more sleep, in general, than I do. I'm saving it. Maybe this... Well, that's how I think about myself, that maybe in a difficult period I'm doing it in vain. Well, I mean, not that I'm saving for nothing, but in the sense that I can somehow talk to him. Maybe I've made up my mind too much and I'm saving it just because I decided to do it like this. I'm being a hero.
Speaker A: Here.
Speaker B: Something like that. This is also difficult. Well, that is, because periodically... Well, periodically I think that here... How to say? My watch will start in the morning, and here we go. That's what I'm working with, actually. In general, with this, in order to, so to speak, their own... In general, when I need to, don't be afraid to ask for help. Not that not to be afraid, in general, but to ask for help, yes, and not to try to overwhelm yourself too much. This is my eternal problem, probably. Well, I'm working with her, but apparently not very successfully, apparently. Well, so to speak, with a premium success.
Speaker A: If you judge to the point, then for me your request sounds like this. Well, in general, you are not his request, but the situation, and you will choose it, that your anger is generally associated with very severe fatigue, with very severe physical fatigue and emotional fatigue, and on that basis there are quite objective reasons. Well, you have three such children, and sleep deprivation, and physical fatigue, emotional fatigue, they are absolutely understandable. And your anger, as you say yourself, it arises where you simply do not have enough resources of inner truth.
Speaker B: Supports.
Speaker A: Yes, in order to make some kind of backlash in half a second between the reaction stimulus. It seems to me that this is a question of how you can support yourself.
Speaker B: Help yourself.
Speaker A: How you can help yourself. Well, because removing three children from your life is unlikely to work. It is also unlikely to remove the lack of sleep.
Speaker B: Really.
Speaker A: At the same time, you also say that this is typical for you in general. Some kind of heaving. Can you tell us a little about it? How would you describe it, how does it look in your caracter?
Speaker B: You know, no kidding, here I am now, I do not know, you probably know, there is such a community "Ru-psychologist" in LiveJournal. You, as a professional, may know. A very interesting community. It helped me a lot at the time. I advise, I recommend, so to speak, to get acquainted. It works as an open psychotherapeutic group, and it is, in general, a very safe space, because there are quite strict rules and strict moderation, and everyone who starts on the starter topic, the one who writes some kind of inquiry post, begins to somehow, in general, run over, relatively speaking, they are immediately sent to the ban. And to return from the ban, you need to convince the moderators that you have read the rules and understood what rules to believe here. In general, I just at some point, when it was, I don't remember, and I don't even remember what it was connected with. Maybe with some kind of situation at work. In general, I wrote a post there about... I don't know about how I function, relatively speaking, and I also asked what I could do with it or what explanations there might be, and so on. And there were several comments under the post about the fact that it looks a bit like the so-called ADHD. Here. Although I have no formal diagnosis, but in general it really looks like. That is, I read about it and watched it after that. To what? What do I mean by that? That there are some moments when I think that I am omnipotent, relatively speaking, I make some big marches. Moreover, this is not some specific one goal, but I am there, it seems to me that I have a lot of strength, a lot of resources, and I am typing different tasks for myself there, for example. From the past, in fact, this is what led me to panic attacks once, here, in the seventeenth year. I was finishing my dissertation, I did it once in graduate school, in general, I studied here in France. So, I was finishing my dissertation, and for some reason I decided that I could be, as if to say, there, I have all those who did otherwise, well, or, in general, the same, that it would be as easy for me as for those who did the same, and that in parallel I could go to work. And, in general, the moment when it was necessary to write, and for me it turned out to be, in fact, a very difficult exercise, I did not know what would happen. That is, I, in general, thought that everything would be easier to pass. In general, in parallel, I went to a new job, and the work was quite intense, plus my relationship with my superiors did not develop there, that is, it also seemed to impose an additional burden. And in parallel, I also had a startup project. Here is an example, yes, that how can I load myself. Well. And it so happened that at a time when, in general, I was already tired, I didn't sleep much there, that is, to work and write a dissertation, and work as a startup, to study, I didn't get enough sleep there. In general, I brought myself to the state of an already tired person. And in parallel, trouble happened in my family. My parents are divorced. And dad, he married a woman, he has an adopted daughter, whom he raised from the age of 8, it turns out. And she got cancer a few years ago, well, probably 10 years ago. And in 2017, she just died. But we, my parent family, it turns out, I have almost two parent families turned out. They are on good terms. And I knew her well. And what was happening around it there, too, in general, hurt me a lot. Well, in general, the fact that she died, because she is not much older than me and, in a sense, somehow was a role model, maybe, of a young family. She had a husband that I liked too, and she had a little kid. In general, somehow, I don't know, in general, I empathized with them a lot in general in life. And we did not communicate very often, but quite warmly. And, in general, when she died, it turned out to be a very strong blow for me in a situation when I no longer had the strength. And, actually, at this moment, plus there, apparently, some stories related to my parent's own family surfaced, that is, with my dad there too, in general, I won't go into details, because this is already a little past the stage. But for me it, in general, it, so to speak, knocked me down specifically. So I was already tired. And you know, as One woman friend said such a phrase that something bad, unforeseen can always happen, so you need to leave yourself some space, that is, not fill all the space so that you can go somewhere to rest and somehow exhale. In general, it's not that I didn't leave it for myself at that moment, by the time this trouble happened, I no longer had, let alone free space, I already had plus 150% occupied or 200% of what was possible. This is an example. But since then, I still, well, that is, first of all, I try, when I'm tired, when I feel that I'm just very tired, I try to connect all kinds of help, there, sleep as much as I can, and relax, and give the children to someone too and so on. But, in general, there is still such a trend, I kind of have it, I know that. Here, something like that.
Speaker A: And if you try to analyze your life today, what is too much in it? Well, I mean, which of the loads is overloading?
Speaker B: I've been thinking, and in fact I've already thought about it. That is, I'm not just thinking now, but I was thinking too before I got in touch. Probably, it concerns work, most likely. That is, children, as it were, they are, yes, there is a superload, to whom to entrust them, I do it, but it's still not enough, probably. And there is such a feeling about work. I even started thinking about what I can do with it, that is, how I can unload myself. And, in general, some thoughts came to my mind about this. But it seems to me that first of all, yes, this is work, probably, and I can say something else about this. That before giving birth to my first daughter, I decided for myself that, in general, I want as much as possible, that is, it will be, I understood that, most likely, I will be tired, there will be stress, in general, it is unclear what is there, well, it is unclear how the child will be to show themselves, too, because all children are different, what will happen there with my husband could also be possible, that is, it is unknown how he will react there, how I will react to what is happening, in general, and so on. And I, before giving birth, well, before, or rather, getting pregnant, I specifically chose a job, a company in general, a job where I will feel as comfortable as possible, where I will not be overloaded, I will not be driven too. I still work for this company, but I changed the branch shortly before... That is, it is a large group of companies, and in general it has a very positive approach to family people, and most have two or three children of employees there, including large directors. Well, in general, and therefore in general... well, they are in general... like a family, family values are important to them. That is, there is no over-demand. But the branch I joined shortly before the birth of the twins, in general, it works differently, probably, than where I worked at the beginning, where I got a job before the birth of my first daughter. And here the load is greater. much more than it was there. And, well, since, in general, the only one, yes, who can do something about it, is probably me, well, in the sense of somehow managing it, in general, then you need to spread your brains, yes, and think that you can, maybe, ask for some help from the boss or somehow reschedule tasks so that it is not so difficult. Because, in general, it's difficult not even that it takes a lot of time, but that the brain is constantly boiling, I would characterize it this way. In general, I have a general feeling, by the way, you asked, returning to your question, yes, about what is the most difficult. With one daughter, it was probably difficult not to sleep, yes, at first. Now I sleep, in principle, probably more, for sure, not in principle, but definitely sleep more than with my daughter, although there are three of them. But the difficult thing is that the head is constantly working, that is, it is a constant concentration, when three children are nearby, you need to look after them all the time, well, that is, relatively all the time, of course, but in general attention, even if you keep on them. Well, in general, as parents, you also understand well what it is. And at work... Most modern places of work in the office and so on are some kind of project work. Firstly, there are a lot of different tasks, diverse. They all change at the speed of light. That is, not tasks, but there are all sorts of meetings for half an hour, for example. There are eight of them in the afternoon, relatively speaking. And every time some new, well, not a new topic, but, in general, there are different people and so on. But it's really hard. That is, it is a big load for the brain. And it seems to me that the most difficult thing in this period of time is that my husband calls it that. By the way, I will quote my husband. He says "from one war to another, from one front to another." That is, there is some kind of active state of internal mobilization at work. Here. Then you come home, and it's like a second shift, that's another plan. Therefore, in general, probably, this non-stop flow, which somewhere, in general, the brain works non-stop, is probably the main thing. And with this, you can probably do something, conduct some kind of sport in life, but in this sense I myself need to do it. This is what I'm missing, some kind of grounding moment, probably besides sleep. That's what I would call it.
Speaker A: This is a good, by the way, yes, a good question. It is clear that it is difficult to organize any hobbies, free time and sports in your situation, but still do you have any... May.
Speaker B: You can, yes.
Speaker A: Do you have any outside life besides work and family?
Speaker B: I have friends and girlfriends, for example, with whom I periodically go out without any children, well, I mean, by myself. My parents came to visit me here, there was a vacation in August. And I completely calmly left the children there most of the time, well, or a significant part of the time with nannies, with another grandmother. And I went there with my mother for a walk, for example, somewhere. Here. I mean, well, there is. I try to organize an opportunity for myself to go somewhere, just disconnect from everything. But it seems to me, well, that's what I think I'm missing. Probably some kind, I say, that's the most... effective, probably, because even communicating with someone, yes, it's still some kind of work in some way. Well, some kind of work of consciousness there and so on. Probably, I miss some particular moment alone with myself. And if I'm thinking right now, too, again, somehow, I don't know, it became sad. It became sad, do you know why? Because before, a long time ago, when I was left alone with myself, I somehow wanted to fill this space with something. Maybe because of some kind of anxiety or something, I don't know. And now I just want to have it and not fill it with anything. I have... We went, here is just such a vivid example, we went for four days to rest with my husband, left the younger children with my grandmother, with my mother. and we went with my husband, my mother-in-law, and my eldest daughter for four days to rest. And there was a moment when it was at sea, in general, this moment on the beach, and my daughter, husband and grandmother went into the water and said, will you go swimming? I understand that at this moment all I need is just to sit on the beach so that no one touches me, and I feel very good. That is, this is such a state, what I would like, it's just this moment of finding yourself, some kind of silence.
Speaker A: The word "silence" comes to mind. It can be swimming, for example.
Speaker B: It works well for me. I used to work for this purpose. Or you can go for a walk somewhere. Well, take a walk, probably, well, in general, rather swim, I would say.
Speaker A: Do you have a physical opportunity and a temporary one in some perspective?
Speaker B: I think if you set a goal, that is. It seems to me that I somehow adjusted a little in the sense that I don't create it for myself. That's how I would characterize it. Yes.
Speaker A: Again, this happens when you have three children and an active life. Katya, from this point, to which we have now come, how could your request sound? That is, we have moved away from aggression towards how your life is arranged, how it is built, in terms of schedule, rest. How would you put it now?
Speaker B: Request your current one?
Speaker A: I'll see how much time is left. If there were a lot of it.
Speaker B: If there were a lot of it. I would probably say so. It's about taking 100% care of yourself, yes, about some of this, what I started with, yes, where my first psychotherapy started, yes, working with a psychologist. About taking care of yourself, but probably at some not very basic level, yes, like eating there, sleeping, relatively speaking. and even to socialize with someone there, namely to give yourself time to just be alone with yourself. And I do not know, that is, a request is not a request, it seems to me that everything is probably already clear with this request. That is, it is clear in the sense that after talking to you, it seems to me that, relatively speaking, the direction has emerged where we need to move on this issue. And, probably, we just need to do it, that is, go ahead. In parallel, it's not really about what I came with, but maybe about the same thing. In parallel, I have another query floating in my space, let's call it that, which is probably connected, it's all about some boundaries or I don't even know how to say it, about... Now I will try to formulate.
Speaker A: Take the time.
Speaker B: This is not an easy task. Let me try to start, in fact, even with this about aggression, what I said, from where I am now regarding this initial request. And from this, maybe, something will be formulated that I feel. You know, I'll give you an example, it's probably easier this way, with real examples. In general, the introduction is such that my husband is exactly in about the same condition as I am, and we are equally about to break down. I'm justifying him in advance, because it seems to me that what I'm going to say, since there are viewers there too, can be perceived very differently. There was a situation when it was necessary to vacate the place where he was in the room, and he was sitting and working. But he had to finish, and the day before he told me that he could calmly, if necessary, go to another room. We have several rooms, in general, there were options where to go. And, in general, I went up to him, asked him to leave, and he had a little time to finish there. And he didn't want, in general, to go anywhere at this moment. And, in general, I was empty over his soul. This angered him, because he, well, I say, is also in a state of low resource, relatively speaking. And maybe there are some problems at work, too, I don't know. In general, the bottom line is that he got angry, he eventually got up from his seat. Instead of just going somewhere else, He slammed the door, walked into the room, threw something away from him or somehow abruptly moved. And why am I telling this? Because, probably, a couple of months ago, my reaction to this would have been fright. That is, it would scare me because of the different background that I have. And in this situation, it didn't scare me anymore. That is, I know for sure that conditionally a little time ago, a few months ago, it would have scared me, and I would have had a feeling that I was in danger in this situation when a person shows some kind of physical aggression, non-verbal, including not even in my direction, but I had There would be a feeling that I was in danger. I didn't have a feeling that I was in danger, but I had a feeling, I don't know how, Rather, some kind of anger, probably at my husband about why I should hear all this and so on. In general, such manifestations. On the other hand, I know that I myself, too, when everything is already blocking me, there are no forces, I can shout something, do something abruptly. But here specifically it's not about mine, but about what I hear from the outside. When I behave the same way, I sometimes start crying after that. That is, I somehow throw out this adrenaline in the format of some kind of behavior and start crying. And the question is… I don't know, you can, in fact, even continue to communicate with this somehow, that is, relax, yes, one hundred percent. But these situations will still arise, I think, later in life, when we get tired and so on.
Speaker A: I didn't quite understand, it was as if you were leading this story to something.
Speaker B: What did it lead to? To the fact that, in general, my relationship with, well, probably with some kind of aggression in myself and in others, it has changed and the state of fear, but I am still afraid of myself, this is a fact, that is, probably now, realizing that I am doing this in that I I'm getting tired, it's probably easier to relate to this, but in general I'm afraid of myself anyway at such moments. I was afraid of my husband at such moments, I'm not afraid now, but the last time I could, it seems to me, one hundred percent, but because it happened, I dive a few months ago, one hundred percent, I would have been scared, but I wasn't scared, but how to say, to my husband, then that I told my husband, after that, the next day, then I went to bed, and after that I said that, in general, somehow, I don't know, there, take care of yourself, please, in order, in general, to feel better, yes, and not to show yourself like that, because it's unpleasant, well, at least it's unpleasant to be in this field. Here, I'm not talking about whether it's legitimate or not, what I'm saying, in general, but as it is. Such as it is. Question.
Speaker A: What is the question? That is, you said that you have gone some way from some uncomfortable reaction to a reaction that is quite some kind of balanced, to some kind of dialogue.
Speaker B: What worries me, probably, about all this, is Well, apparently, it's some kind of after all... Well, all people act differently in conditions of fatigue, right? And, apparently, this is our specificity with my husband, when we get very tired there.
Speaker A: You are not alone in this. It's important for me to say it out loud.
Speaker B: One hundred percent, yes. Thank you very much. But the question is, relatively speaking, in addition... That is, there is work with fatigue, okay. Is it possible to do something in parallel with this... In general, how to act more environmentally friendly and how? How can I help myself? Relatively speaking, you know, when I had my first psychotherapy, I was working with a psychologist, in parallel, a psychologist suggested that I go to a therapist and prescribe myself a sedative. And the question is, relatively speaking, is there anything that can be done in parallel in order to try to rest more, to give yourself, including the brain, time to unload. Maybe some, as if speaking, exhale in a situation. The psychologist I work with advises me to ask a question about what is happening now before acting.
Speaker A: Not a bad question. You have already said more than once that you are afraid of yourself, that you are not so much afraid of yourself as you are afraid of yourself.
Speaker B: And before, my wife was more afraid than herself, and now I'm more afraid of myself.
Speaker A: Is there anything to be afraid of?
Speaker B: You know, I had a case, of course, it will sound, well, I'm laughing like that, that is, it seems like I'm all so adequate, yes, in general, well, I mean. There was a case that I once almost gave an ashtray crystal on the head to a former young man, here. And this leads me to think that in a state of some kind of affect, relatively speaking, it was drunk, that is, I don't use any substances, in general, sometimes I drink, but not that I drink straight-I drink. And I don't know, I have a conviction, maybe, again, related to what I saw, heard there, and so on, that some, conditionally, Everyday situations where someone injures someone, including, they happen, can happen almost out of the blue with healthy people, if a person is powerless, for example, or has entered a state of passion. That, relatively speaking, I do not want to bring this to some extreme situation, relatively speaking, in a state of passion, everyone can do something terrible if someone is killed or severely damaged or injured in some way. That's how I would put it. That's the feeling I have. Maybe it doesn't have an objective picture under it, but I have such a feeling. And I'm afraid of myself. It seems to me that as soon as my control disappears in this situation, these locks do not work, because I am tired, for example, as we said, then, relatively speaking, I can do something bad. But in general, hitting children is not cool. Well, that is, 100% is not ice. Well, that is, it's unpleasant for me. It would be, well, there is to see yourself as a person who beats his children. Here. Yes.
Speaker A: I see, and you, in general, speak.
Speaker B: We can go deeper if it seems relevant to you.
Speaker A: It seems the only question is that we don't have much time left. I would, you know, formulate how it seems that you have some kind of experience that happened to you, some kind of similar behavior. Probably from the parent's family or something.
Speaker B: And maybe there, and somewhere nearby, yes.
Speaker A: Well, yes. How much is this possible? Tell us, whose uncontrolled behavior have you encountered, what causes you such a fear of inner affect?
Speaker B: You probably know what it strengthened... I'll tell you two things. While there is time, I think I will have time. The first thing is a later, that is, a more recent memory. When I was a teenager, I had a stepfather with whom my mother entered into a relationship. It seems like she didn't know that he was drinking, and then it turned out that he was drinking, and he was drinking seriously, so to the state, relatively speaking, delirium tremens, I do not know, that is, I am not a doctor, but at least loses his head and begins to behave in a terrible way. in a strange, generally scary way. He didn't seem to hit anyone, in my memory, as far as I remember, but he screamed very terribly when he was intoxicated and could threaten there, for example. Either to do something with the dog there, we had a dog, or, in general, somehow threatened, or that he would do something with himself, in general, such. And it really traumatized me at that time. I was when they started living together, when he started living with us, it turns out I lived with my mom at the beginning, I was 13 years old, so. Then there was a year when I didn't see much of it, because I was fast asleep, probably I was younger too, I went to bed earlier and so on. Then, in general, he and mom somehow agreed that, in general, Either he does something about it, or they break up. He went to some drug treatment center, after which he did not drink for three years, what is it called, coded or what he did, I do not know, in general, I do not remember exactly. And after that, he didn't drink for three years, and everything was fine, relatively speaking, like everyone else, somehow more or less. And then, the last year before they broke up with mom, He started drinking again, and I already saw everything that happens, relatively speaking, when he's drunk, that is, I heard him screaming. I was very scared. There was a moment when my mom and I left home, I think it happened twice, because it was really scary to stay there. And after that, I had a long time, as it is called in a Thai way, when someone nearby even just started shouting in the street, especially men, in general, loudly, for me, I kind of froze, I fell into such a state, In general, fading. And, probably, it seemed to me that I was in danger, relatively speaking. It was such a feeling. And I was thinking what to do, relatively speaking, although it had nothing to do with me. But this is probably the freshest. And in general, there was a background, it seems to me, again, working with a psychologist, because I realized that my mother had how I structured it for myself. Mom had an experience as a child, too, with an alcoholic dad. And in general, for mom, there is some kind of situation related to male aggression, it was, as it seems to me, I can again, this is my interpretation, maybe mom sees it differently somehow, but it seems to me that in general the situation was dramatized, any situations where a man somehow it is manifested aggressively by the mother. And just why I say that, because some stories from childhood that I don't even remember, about my dad's somehow blood biological father, what my mom told me there, I myself would never remember about it at all. Well, or some other things. Mom told me that Dad somehow behaved terribly or somehow aggressively or something. In general, if Mom hadn't told me, I wouldn't have remembered 100% about it. And in my childhood, in general, probably in my childhood and up to the moment when I went to psychotherapy for the first time, I had a feeling of such a twofold relationship with my dad. I love him, on the other hand, I'm afraid of him. Despite the fact that Dad is, well, a hot-tempered person, well, to be afraid of him, well, right now, yes, from an adult position, I would not say that we should be afraid of him.
Speaker A: As if you were afraid of him with your mother's eyes.
Speaker B: I have such a suspicion, because I know him now, of course, he has become older, but he is still young enough, he is 50-something years old, and it is unlikely that he has changed radically somehow. That is, I see his reaction and so on. He comes here with a dusty one, but not to say that somehow... But I'm definitely not afraid of him right now and I don't really understand why it was necessary to be afraid of him. And so I assume that it was as if I was looking at him with my mother's eyes and was afraid of some moments. And this was reinforced by this experience with my stepfather, who is really very strong, well, it reminded me very much, right capitally.
Speaker A: Five minutes is ending, it's completely ending. Subscribers will complain that I am again in the middle of a word and doing it in the most interesting place. But this is therapy. You know, I want to ask two questions. The first question. How much danger do you really pose? That is, now that you have become a little disidentified with your own, with your mother's eyes and with everything else, how much do you think you can really behave the way you are internally afraid to behave?
Speaker B: You know, from experience… I asked myself this question in the context of the manifestation of some kind of healthy aggression. at work, including some kind of setting aside of their borders, for example, or a statement about some of their objective rights. And I think that I greatly overestimate my capabilities, let's call it that, objectively speaking.
Speaker A: How would it also turn out, such a similar situation to how mom saw Dad's aggression. It's like she's hers... Okay, I think this is a very important answer. And the second, rather not even a question, but rather the thought that the fact that we are like someone from our loved ones does not make us them, but makes us us. Interesting. What we grew up in becomes a part of us. But it's not us one hundred percent. Rather, how to make friends with these parts of yourself.
Speaker B: Yes, this is probably just a question of how to proceed with this, relatively speaking. I know that this is so, and how to deal with it. I agree with you.
Speaker A: And that's where we need to end. I want to ask you some feedback, some afterword, if there is. If not, then no.
Speaker B: Yes. Some kind of feeling, now I have a little melancholic, I do not know how to describe it better than this. As if it were a light sadness, but light. Light sadness, that's what I'll call it. I want to stay with this, but in general it was useful to me, according to my inner feelings. So thank you very much.
Speaker A: Thank you. And do you now have the opportunity to spend at least some time with this at work?
Speaker B: I think so. My colleagues will probably go to lunch now. I'm just going to be with myself for a while. Okay
Speaker A: Okay. I was glad to work. And good luck to you.
Speaker B: Thank you very much. Thank you. Good luck to you too.
Speaker A: Good luck.
Speaker B: Goodbye.
Speaker A: Katya and I are done. And there will be my little afterword, traditional for my videos. First, I remind you that I am opening an individual practice development group called "Taking a Step". The description will be in the description of the video. And about their courses, educational programs. And as for the consultation, listen, about how it seemed important to me to separate the experience of the past from the experience of the present. It is clear that we all come from childhood, and many of us have experienced what we carry with us in the form of fears, in the form of fears of our present. And in this case, it was obvious to me that the danger that Katya does not think she poses, Most likely, yes. And that this is some kind of fear, hypertrophied by past experience. And as it seemed to me, it also turned out to be disquits right away. And that's good. In general, well, she is a sufficiently prepared client, has been in therapy for a long time, and, in general, if our meeting, she will continue it, and our meeting is like this... Well, yes, when there is parallel work with a psychologist, then our meetings are one-time, they are more like, well, they are not always very deep, just because there are already some other relationships that are much deeper. And this is normal for the first meeting and for one meeting, but this does not mean that these meetings are not useful and ineffective. In general, it turned out, in my opinion, not bad. See you next week. Happily.