Speaker A: That is, what am I doing at the moment when my family is in hell. Very, very hard. And it's very hard to cry. Now I just started talking like that, and they went. And all this time it was impossible to cry. And only yesterday, for example, my friend, a very close one, who is in Kiev, wrote to me, here, with words of love. And that's when I was abandoned. I think we've already started, right?
Speaker B: For a while, yes.
Speaker A: Here. There are a lot of fears. Fears like what the future will be, right? That is, I can laughingly talk about what I will voice next, right? But in fact, in some kind of utter horror, because it is unclear what will happen next with work, and there is a feeling that Despite the fact that I have the skill to start anew and rise from some terrible lowlands at all, Because I have the experience of a difficult divorce, I have the experience of getting out of alcoholism. I have been an alcoholic for almost three years now, and I had such a global problem with this. I have experience of getting out, for example, finding a new profession. Because I came to this profession at the age of a little under 40. And I can change my activities. That is, I have this skill, and it certainly gives me some support. But what's happening now is me... That is, this knocks the ground out from under your feet. That is, these are completely new conditions. It's not a divorce, it's not alcoholism. And what really keeps me very well, that I keep my decision to give up addiction in this regard, is very supportive. That is, here I can cope, here I can somehow control myself. I can control that. And so everything else that happens is very, of course, and scary. And the scary thing is that this is not only happening, let's say this situation, that my relatives are there, there are my loved ones who are in real danger. This danger is felt to me now, because I travel in transport, I hear conversations, and I understand that I don't want to put myself against these people. I am afraid that I may be put against someone, against both a large crowd and a small group of people. I feel it even among my friends. I know that some people feel this even within families. Here, thank God, Everything is very calm and warm, yes, although, of course, everyone is kind of nervous. There are not so many of us there in my family now, yes, there are three of us there, yes, we all live together. This is my mom, this is me, this is my brother, yes, and we are very reserved, as it were, and each other, in general, calm, well, that is, we have there... It's always been the case that we don't have any there and didn't have any... What should I call it? Some people tell me that it's probably very conflicted to live like this. Not for me. I understand, a lot of people tell me, and I hear it a lot, about separations, about all these things. But now I even find some kind of support and reassurance in this, too.
Speaker B: Is it that you are together?
Speaker A: The fact that we are together, that we are not alone, and I am not alone. And some kind of fear, that is, uncertainty and fear of uncertainty that I don't understand what to do. And I understand that I can, for example, go brush my teeth, wash, put on clothes, feed the cat, talk to my mom and go to work. And I manage to do this at work... But it's coming in waves there. In the first couple of days, of course, it was with glass eyes, and it also turns out that some professionalism gives support. That is, when I realize that my head is somewhere in general somewhere, and my body continues to do this work, which.
Speaker B: Was.
Speaker A: Trained, of course, at home, but I continue to do it. But my thoughts are very confused. And, of course, it feels like "what am I doing while my friends are in this position?" "What am I doing?" This is somehow not easy. Working straight is not easy.
Speaker B: Strictly speaking, you are doing exactly what you can do. You take care of yourself physically, emotionally. You are trying not to crumble and keep some center inside. Probably, this is exactly what remains when there is chaos and uncertainty around.
Speaker A: Probably, there is still a feeling that... Maybe even the illusion that I can influence something, but I don't. And... That is, it seems that there are some daily actions, but there is also some inaction, internal agreement in case of disagreement. That is, as a witness who stands and watches. It's like that story with the girl, who even, in my opinion, has some kind of syndrome, when a young girl was killed in America, and no one called the police, although everyone heard perfectly well. For half an hour, forty minutes, as she called for help, and everyone thought that someone would call the police. And there is a moment in this that I really feel some element of purely human, humanitarian betrayal. I do not know what it is in this story that now for me to remain human. I noticed that this question has been coming up probably all my life. And in an aggravated situation, he pops up, he just signaled like a siren. Am I doing right or wrong? And I don't understand who I'm looking for it right, where I'm looking for this praise or approval. Yes, you're doing the right thing, well done. Or you do wrong, you will be punished. This question has surfaced, of course, very strongly. It is because it has practically become infinite. That is, he twists everything in his head. I don't understand what to do with this question at all. Or he stays with me all the time, yes, and somehow he will have to agree with this, but this is some kind of tearing, as if right-wrong, right-wrong, right-wrong, it's not very clear how to do anything about it at all.
Speaker B: It's as if we all woke up as adults all of a sudden.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: In the face of something very big and where you need to make decisions based on something not very clear.
Speaker A: Let's say that over the past couple of years there have been a lot of such in my environment, in my personal space, a lot of very reasonable, kind, life-affirming words about the inner center, about inner supports. Of course, I feel that these pillars exist, but the fact that they are now shaken, in a global sense, and how it is still ... they need to be strengthened somehow. But, to be honest, sometimes I really feel such a fading. Fading. Well, and in principle, without, in my opinion, some new deposits, it's generally very difficult to fall asleep, and well, certain symptoms of the body, as if they are felt, yes, it's in the chest area, the heart. Indeed, as if I understand that my hand there periodically seems to go numb, and I think, my God, well, this is still not enough. It is not clear at all how it would become a little bit like with many friends now, how to communicate with them. Because it helps to communicate on completely neutral topics, yes, it helps. Yes, it helps a lot. And at the same time, a little worm has crept in regarding the fact that if these people think this way now in relation, for example, to another large group of people, what their thoughts will be about you in the end. That is, the question of personal values. Despite the fact that I don't want to make any hasty conclusions. And to accuse someone, for example, yes, as if to reproach that you are inhumane people, you are inhuman, you think only of yourself, yes. Yes, we all think about ourselves, well, as a result. We will all think about ourselves anyway. And at the same time, I understand that it may be some kind of shock reaction, because I had a shock reaction too. in the very first days. And so, by the way, and then, right in the first minute, when stories from my friends just came in, tears immediately started, and then this fading happened, and it periodically goes to different parts of the body. That is, it freezes, and some kind of pain, No, of course, I understand that maybe I'm still after the operation, there not so long ago, yes, two and a half months have passed there, yes, and it may still have consequences there, yes, but still how it would be very difficult for the physics of the body, that is, there is actually a lot of psychological help. A lot of psychologists conduct completely free open-source projects, yes, and there is really a lot of help, but it is very difficult to do any exercises. That is, even to do exercises, it would seem, for example, in some projects that were devoted to money there, for example, something else, then it seemed, my God, how difficult it is to do this exercise, I just can't get up, oh my God, I have such resistance that that's all gone. There is no resistance, but there is a kind of numbness. I sit down right there, open my notebook and realize that I have something to write, something to splash out, something to answer the questions asked by this or that psychologist. But it's kind of numb, and it's very difficult to write. That is, in the end, it turns out some kind of "I'm scared, I'm scared, I'm scared" that my soul feels at the same time. "I'm terrified, I'm terrified, I'm terrified." It's even difficult to do such a familiar thing for me, like, for example, to make a therapeutic diary entry. Although for me it is, in general, such a familiar practice. I can do it, and now I don't even seem to want to. I catch myself thinking that I understand that maybe this can help me, but it's like I don't want to help myself now. In part, it even happens like this. I can't say that there are any straight ones... Well, of course, some fears for life have worsened.
Speaker B: Physical?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: What is the reason?
Speaker A: I can't even explain. There are some echoes of everything, some kind of information field, and it is unclear. Indeed, I do not understand whether what we had in the country could happen again, well, let's say 60 years ago. In relation to its citizens. And it's unclear. With some kind of monetary component. Everything is unclear here. And here, maybe even I feel more calm somehow, because it's like it's not the first time. And there is some terrifying stability in this, too. That is, I had times when I didn't have money. But then I was more dependent, for example, on my ex-husband. And in general, now I understand that you can earn money even by sweeping completely. And there is nothing terrible about it. As my mother says, it's not a shame to work, it's a shame to steal. And it really supports me. The fact that I am at the same time a person with a higher education, with some kind of humanitarian inner core, and nothing.
Speaker B: Very tactful.
Speaker A: Yes, as if with tact now. Despite the fact that I am a person who expresses himself very often, not even culturally.
Speaker B: Literary.
Speaker A: Yes, it's obscene. I have been doing this with great pleasure since early childhood, despite the fact that no one in my family, in my parents, has communicated like this. But I've always really liked it. And I even remember it with this... I think, my God, what was that all about? That is, when I have an eight-year-old ten-year-old there, as it were, just covers the entire beach with some incredible three-story motyuki. Well, it's strange, it's some kind of game. Why this happened to me, I do not know. I really kind of, well, know how to speak this language and do it masterfully. And with artistry. But there are moments right now when I just don't feel like saying it, yes. Even inside myself, surprisingly. That is, the first days, of course, it was all like in the head, you can just squeal like an even layer, but not now. And this is strange, because this vocabulary is also... I know this very well about myself, that this vocabulary is a kind of compensatory action for me. Here is this, as it were, your internal aggression here to merge through deviant vocabulary. Here. Why this is not happening now, I do not know. But, as it were, it's a little strange for me. But I think it will come back. Here. Here, in principle, that's how things are so far. Very often the word "I don't understand" pops up. I don't understand what's next, what should I do now. That is, as if there is something that I understand, but a very large part of the brain is occupied with what I really do not understand. And unknown. Of course, in this regard, all these covid stories seem like this now, Lord. Everything is clear already. Maybe, by the way, there is also a certain thing in this, that if it was not clear then, and then it became clear, maybe it will be clearer with what is not clear now. Yes, there is some cyclicity, but it wasn't so scary. It wasn't that scary.
Speaker B: Well, I would like to note that you are surprisingly. somehow integral. There was a surprise, well, somehow at least you say that it is difficult for you enough, you are collected enough and somehow think rationally, well, that is, you see that it is difficult for you, you see that you feel bad, you see there how you can take care of yourself, you see, yes, what- that is, some kind of corridor of possibilities, a corridor of options in the ongoing chaos. I think it's very important that you keep Well? Sanity. No other word comes to mind. Well.
Speaker A: This is probably also some kind of personal peculiarity of mine and the ability to think a lot and structure thoughts. And including in speech. It helps a lot. Some kind of warmth just went on my stomach. I don't know what to say. Thank you. You are welcome. Here. Well, that's it for now. Everything that bothered me very much, I said, in my opinion.
Speaker B: What would your request sound like? What would you like from our meeting?
Speaker A: You know, before that, that's when we wrote off for the first time, yes, I had a certain request. Well, in general, this is before, probably, will now often, yes, appear. This request was related to my work, it was related to money, it was related to... Let's just say that I have such a situation that... I take my work quite seriously and thoughtfully. I love her very much. Very straight. This is probably one of my many professions for life. This is probably my favorite, even because when I read complete nonsense, I still kind of feel pleasure from the work done later, because I still perform a number of some technical tasks. And in every, for example, new book that I read, I do It, I may like it, I may not like it, but in every book I do some kind of work, there are tasks that I do, there is something that does not work out. It's like a certain challenge for me, it spurs me on. Well, such excitement arises. I had a career breakthrough that scared me. Despite the fact that I was going to him. This is not a random story that suddenly I shot, suddenly I was lucky, suddenly I was offered something. No. It was my specific actions that led to this breakthrough. It was as if I expected, desired, partly planned. And yet, when it happened, I had a story of a headless chicken, which is still like this, as it were, worn. I mean, I'm not ready. I had a feeling that it was as if I was riding some kind of simulator in cars, and then they told me, well, here's your car, here are your glasses, sit down. That's it. That is , I had a… I just wanted to discuss what it is. I am afraid of success, because I was actually ready for my own achievements and for further development. I was ready, I was preparing every day.
Speaker B: What scared you? You say an absolutely interesting reaction.
Speaker A: And that's the thing about me... I even wondered what happened, why. Yes, definitely, of course, I need guidance... I suspect them of a cunning manipulative move. when I am charged with some kind of responsibility. And this responsibility presses me down as if, and I will cope with it. That is, when they tell me, you know, there are a lot of plans for this book by the publishing house. I have to justify this trust, because there really was a question of trust. the fact that I'm coping with it, the fact that I can take it on myself. There were also some new skills that I used, already starting to write, for example, separately from the sound engineer. And here I really experienced some kind of panic terror. Moreover, before I received this order, I was very much plunged into such anxiety, which I had for the last time, probably during the years of my alcoholic adventures and a very depressed state, when, in principle, I could only sleep and drink. That is, when I woke up, and my personal reality... It wasn't something terrible in a global sense, but my personal reality in which I lived was so terrifying that I didn't want to see it. And, in general, how I would sleep and drink. That was my whole set. When I stopped drinking, I had moments when I wanted to sleep a lot, yes, and I understand that it was somehow, well, just some kind of accumulation of strength, yes, it was. But while I, for example, was waiting for this order, yes, it was desirable, unbearably desirable, for me in three days I really realized that I didn't seem to have been listening. Yes, there was such a moment of breakdown and such a flashback that I can't think about anything at all, except that this order will come to me or not. Then my imagination, of course, painted me the most disastrous pictures in the sense that I would be deceived. That they won't give me this order. And I also know where the legs grow from this wonderful situation. I have to tell myself very often... I often know how to catch myself after all on the fact that these people have nothing to do with my past situation, which blows me up like this in this place.
Speaker B: – Do you have a negative experience?
Speaker A: – Yes, of course. It's a matter of trust. I periodically remind myself of my employers when they are just a little late. I'm already starting to make up a story for myself, for example, that they will violate their obligations, and they will deceive me. Here in this particular case it was. They won't give me this order, I'll come, and they'll give me some wild porn-love novel to read again. And I'm already a little tired of them. That is, that our promised agreements, they will not be fulfilled. And moreover, they will deceive me and give me some kind of pig. And I have to remind myself that this person is not my ex-husband. Please calm down. I understand what I'm transferring there from one to the other. And really, everything was resolved then quite calmly. But during these three days of waiting, this kind of palette of catastrophization was just some kind of sky-high. Indeed, I didn't want to go anywhere, I couldn't help but read anything. Usually I can somehow read, distract myself. I don't want to listen to any music. I can open a book, but I can't see the lines in my head, and it keeps going on. On the other hand, I now understand, if I don't want to read, I don't want it, I don't want it, what do I want to do at this moment? To suffer, probably, very much. What do I want to experience? The request was like this. And the request was, of course, also about money. While I was entering, for example, a profession, I realized that I was getting some money. I have raised my price tag in some places since the New Year at certain working points, let's call it that. not much, I think it's adequate. I'm not inclined to belittle my abilities, but I'm also not inclined to exaggerate. That is, I understand, I internally feel where I am doing level up, and then, yes, I raise the price tag. If I don't do it, and I feel it too, I generally don't do price increases. This is inadequate. If I can't offer a service at the price I call it, it's a minus to my professional reputation. This is how people understand who they are dealing with. That I'm doing this, this, this in such and such a time frame. And, for example, it will be of such and such quality. So far, maybe not higher. And that's why the price is like this. Everyone is satisfied with this. But, again, I had a moment when this leap was a new project, a new job offer, learning another skill. I can't say that I was afraid of money. Everything was coming to them. But at that moment, for some reason, it was such a horror that I was not ready. The fear that I'm not ready. Although, no matter how rationally I understand that this is not the case. But here's one, like, here's some part of me, she really is this a-a-a, that's how Chipo Della is, and here the ears are developing in the wind. I really experienced something like this, like some kind of free flight.
Speaker B: In general... Like a free flight that you can't handle.
Speaker A: And you know... That's what I never wanted to do, it was to jump from a parachute. That's the truth. For me, this is, I think, something similar is experienced when jumping from a parachute. That is, I am not afraid to admit that I do not want to do this senseless action.
Speaker B: In skydiving, the peculiarity is that the experiences are too strong. That is, it is something very, very sharp and something very, very beyond.
Speaker A: It's also risky.
Speaker B: Well, yes.
Speaker A: That is, the acute and the beyond are very different things, but a parachute jump is like a risk of fatality. There is. It may be very small, but it is there. That's really something I wouldn't want to do.
Speaker B: Putting yourself at fatal risk?
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: And what is the fatal risk in this case?
Speaker A: And some kind of uncontrollability. It's hard to say, I can't explain it yet, we need to think about this issue. Specifically in this situation, yes, I cannot understand what is a fatal risk. That I will not be able to cope and then no matter how I go out, I will not be able to gain a foothold at this new level, yes, working.
Speaker B: And how many years have you been using?
Speaker A: Alcohol, yes.
Speaker B: Was there anything else?
Speaker A: Of course. I'm trying now... I roughly understand, yes, I'm just trying to figure out how... Let's do 10 years. Yes, that is, for several years it was some kind of entry, yes, here, and about a year to 4 exactly, 3 absolutely, it was already such a process, almost uncontrollable at the finish. That is, and at the finish I tried to control it, yes, from the category that, for example, no matter how I beat for 14 days. Well, that's how it would be from this to this. And indeed I abstained. Here. And then, after, for example, these 14 days, Day X came, and now I'll drink a little and relax. Well, that's a little, of course, wonderful.
Speaker B: Let's celebrate.
Speaker A: And these two weeks, let's say, suppose, as a rule, it was some kind of conditional Friday, and that's how Friday started, and on Monday How did my English teacher say it? And you find yourself, right? Here it was about like this. And despite the fact that it was the appearance, of course, of such control that but these 14 days, well, I'm no-no, right? Before making such a decision, I really was somewhere for, probably, two or three months, somewhere like that, in such an illusion of control, that I was controlling my alcohol consumption, despite the fact that, of course, when I drank the first shot, there was no there is no way to stop. We talked once with one of my friends, who also abused alcohol, and who, looking at me, said, she says, you know, I looked at you and also quit. And when she had only the first months of throwing, not even the first months of throwing, and she began to make a decision about it. And the bidding began. And she called me and said, Tanya, well, will I never be able to drink a glass of wine again? I say, Vika, what are you talking about? We haven't been drinking glasses of wine for a long time. We have been buying bottles of cognac of not the best quality for a very long time and drinking cognac. We don't drink wine, and we've never really drunk it. This is the moment, yes. Then, let's say, my last alcohol consumption, my last drunkenness, it had some such consequences for me, In general, everyone is safe, alive, healthy, but the very model of the situation I got into, it then caused me such unbearable shame, just beyond. I even think that I was lucky in this regard that it was such a strong reaction that really said enough is enough. This is not some kind of strong-willed decision. I'm not fooling myself much here that I'm a flint. No. It was really that I was so ashamed. And that's me too. That is, it was the first couple of days... It's not me, it's not me. I really lay under the covers for five days, periodically doing this. just remembering, yes, that's how flashbacks started, yes, as if about the last drink, yes, and I started as if I can't, can't, can't think about it, I don't want to, I don't want to, that's how the reaction would be, and five I lay under the blanket for days, I felt very physically ill, well, just like that in general, and indeed, just like some kind of physical guard, yes, that is, like a little bit more, and we are already like, but even more, well, just a physical condition, how can I worry heavy, well, practically, well, probably not any, yes, but the experience of experiencing a difficult state, as it were, yes, That's just coupled with a terrifying internal, emotional state, with this kind of incredible shame, with guilt, yes, here they played as it were. Here. And I know it doesn't suit everyone. Here. And not everyone can, as it were... Maybe, and thank God. Well, in general, about addiction like this. Yes, I also had an experience of using narcotic substances, but, oddly enough, I understand perfectly well that I had a different story with narcotic substances. She rather was... I can't say that I had any addiction to drugs. That's how I felt addicted to alcohol, I don't feel... No, perhaps not. And then I always felt very sorry for the money for drugs. I probably personally spent money on it twice in my entire drug practice. Exactly twice. And I didn't really like it. That is, my greed probably played a role here. I don't know, alcohol seemed to me more such a reasonable purchase, and this is some nonsense. And, in principle, it is clear that when there was an exit from a certain environment, the whole drug story stopped. Here.
Speaker B: Something like this. I'll keep an eye on it for a while.
Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes, of course.
Speaker B: Well, in general, you know how to jump with a parachute.
Speaker A: But I don't like it.
Speaker B: Well, yes. I just think, you know, listening to your story, that you have many years of experience of good flights in your life.
Speaker A: I would really like to calm down.
Speaker B: Well, yes. And you say that you have been sober for three years.
Speaker A: Almost three years. Since the first of August of the nineteenth year.
Speaker B: Well, apparently, you've gotten stronger so well. There is some kind of firmness, confidence, integrity in your speech. And it seems to me quite understandable that it is difficult for you to face such unsettling things, well, because three years, in general, is not so much. A little bit. To get out of addiction.
Speaker A: A little and I'll even tell you now when, let's say it was the first year, I made myself such a program of positive reinforcements, yes, that is, I studied the question very much what happens to the body, for example, yes, right on days in the first year of giving up alcohol, I fortunately had, I hope, one friend who also had such an experience of giving up alcohol. And I had some small, but very valuable, supportive words, such as the fact that female alcoholism is not treated. A friend of mine who lives in New Haven and is engaged in science, she wrote to me that alcoholism has no gender in Europe and America. That is, it is not a gender phenomenon. Of course, there may be something different, but nevertheless. And it really supported me. And I know that many women, for example, yes, from, again, from some of my friends, acquaintances, this is my friend, she said that, well, female alcoholism is not treated, yes, this phrase, it really, really harms people, women who really want to get rid of it all. Here.
Speaker B: Such hopelessness.
Speaker A: Yes, I was laying myself the right to make a mistake, I was laying myself the right to break. And at the same time, I made myself a lot of such reinforcers. That is, let's say a week without alcohol, I went to buy myself a dress. I updated my wardrobe like this in the first year. I really celebrated inside myself for six months. My friend, who also struggled with alcoholism and, in general, quite successfully, he told me that, you know, you will have a burst of energy in about three months. And I wrote to him, I say, you know, I have so much strength, I have so much of this, it's just starting to shake like that, yes, where would I put it all. He says, wait, more, he says, in three months, here for six months, more, he says, it will be so good. And he was absolutely right. I can't say that this condition lasted any longer. No, but... That is, such a charge, of course, it is impossible to live in such a charged state all the time. Although sometimes I wish I had that much strength. It seemed to me, the first year, the first six months, the first year, that I didn't do anything so special. I've only been sober for a year. Many people don't drink for 10, 20 years. And even, you know, there was a feeling, like, was I drinking that much? Yes, actually, yes. On New Year's Eve, on the threshold of the 19th-20th year, I did a lot of cleaning and opened my bookcase. I have some shelves where there are not only books. And at that moment, several empty bottles fell out on me. Oh, and the lady was rocking. It is clear that this was not very normal. When the bottle is under the sofa, and during the day you drink a little from it, and as if no one will notice that by the end of the evening you are already just in shit. Plus, it was always visible to me, even if I drink a little, my face changes. Everyone sees it right away. I wasn't drunk, for example, or even drunk. But alcohol immediately changed my eyes. He says your eyes are shining so much. We'll bury them with belladonna next time for shine. traditions. And there was a feeling for a long time enough that I didn't do anything like that. And some time has passed in order to assign the result. And when I realized I didn't, I did. And it was specifically in this segment that I did a lot. And, of course, it gives me a very big support. And now I remember exactly this experience of my struggle with addiction. I remember him to myself. And the fact that I can, for example, start over, that I can recover after a divorce, after losing friends, a certain circle of friends. Even for a while after the divorce there was such an element of austerity that I can cope. But I can rely on these points, and nevertheless it's hard for me. I understand that it's hard for me. I would really like a little more support. That's probably what I'm missing. And it's at moments like this that I really feel... I can't say that this is some kind of loneliness. No, I feel loneliness differently, in a different way. Namely, some kind of detachment. Detachment. Detachment in general, as it were, that I am alone. I mean, I have to remind myself that I'm not alone. Even if, let's say, there is no one nearby, that there is, well, that I'm still not alone. Well, anyway, yes. But now it's harder for me to remind myself of this than usual.
Speaker B: Something like this. How do you, how do you suppose, is there now a chance that you can go into a breakdown?
Speaker A: Not yet. I don't feel it yet. By the way, I thought about it. I didn't think about how nice it would be to fill in a blind spot and not see any of this. No, I hadn't thought of that. I can even say that I was standing in pyaterochka here recently and just in that cash register, which is next to alcohol, yes. And I looked at it all like that and I think, my God, what exorbitant prices for booze. Also expensive booze. Now becoming an alcoholic again is not an option at all. No, I don't feel it. I have had moments of memories about alcohol during this time. They were very spot-on, they were fast, very fast. I don't even know what to compare it with. In terms of time, the very thought of alcohol probably took even less than a second. Just such a leap, like a ball lightning. It flared up, but powerfully. There was a moment, for example, when I felt that alcohol was looking at me. There was such a moment, just amazing in its own kind of mental experience. It was some kind of New Year. We have.
Speaker B: Not much time. Yes, we went on an excursion like that. I would like to ask, what can I rely on in order not to go into a breakdown? What can serve as such a help to yourself?
Speaker A: To myself? I really don't know what I'm relying on in this. For me, in general, it's even somewhat akin to a miracle. Because I don't see any of my willpower here, that I'm a flint. It's definitely not. It's definitely not. Because I know how I can make decisions. Right here with such a strong-willed message. And every other day I step over these decisions. I do not know what is keeping me from breaking down right now. I really don't know. And for me it's really at the level of some kind of miracle. For me, this is inexplicable. You can hear how structured I am and how I can structure my thoughts. But I can't formalize it into a thought in any way.
Speaker B: I would like to somehow... It's as if you're animating yourself and what you're holding on to. I want to connect you a little bit, that this is not only a miracle, but also your effort.
Speaker A: Some unknown resource of mine. Unknown, however, for me it is some kind of a mystery. I understand that I have it in me, but I can't put it into words. I really can't identify him somehow. I would be glad to.
Speaker B: Okay, but it's important that he is.
Speaker A: Yes, I am very happy about this, I am glad that I have it.
Speaker B: Are we coming to the end? Share it. Were these consultations, these 50 minutes useful for you somehow?
Speaker A: Yes. Yes.
Speaker B: Can you formulate it somehow, including for those who will watch it?
Speaker A: The fact that I was able to talk And they just listen to me.
Speaker B: Yes, that is... And what does it give?
Speaker A: I'll explain now. Just the same, this is the feeling... This is both care and support... But at the same time, she is, due to the fact that she is generally silent, you said a few phrases, yes, they will reach me later. This is absolutely accurate. Maybe they won't even get there. I may not even remember them. I have such a suspicion. Here. But exactly... That is, even now, according to the sensations of my body, I feel warmth in my heart. Yes, I feel warm in my stomach. I have been warm for the last time, let's say this time, what was in the area of my heart, I just had everything pinched there and it hurt now I feel relief in my body first of all, I know for sure that my body and my psyche are connected very tightly and the body is bad for the soul and it works both ways for Me it was really useful to talk now, and to just have a space where to talk. That's it. That's it. Without arguing with anyone, without entering into... without proving anything to anyone, yes, just to say. Yes, it is very valuable. In general, I was thinking about what psychologists are needed for, and just before all that, I began to look for options that, after all, I probably should... I couldn't understand why a psychologist was needed at all. At first I thought in order to... Well, this is probably my idea of making a person better. Then I began to think, better than what? Better than who? Better for whom?
Speaker B: Best of all.
Speaker A: Best of all, perhaps, yes? Moreover, I look at some of my friends who go to a psychologist, visit a psychologist. I can't say they've become better people. It's very slippery ice. And in the last few days, I've probably thought that a psychologist might be needed in order to cope with my humanity. Or with his inhumanity, perhaps. But it's something that... That this, let's say, now the conversation that was, It really is for me... I feel like I have a certain relaxation and security.
Speaker B: That's probably what it is. Thank you very much.
Speaker A: Thank you.
Speaker B: We are finishing.
Speaker A: Finishing up, yes.
Speaker B: Answering your silent question about why I was silent for almost the entire session, I didn't see the point in talking. In the sense that the client came with strong feelings, strong feelings about the events happening around him, about his loved ones, about work and about the fact that he sometimes, he, she is a client. somehow catches flashbacks from the past, addictive, and this causes some degree of anxiety. And the best thing to do in this case is to be the one who can absorb these experiences, listen to them. and to be such a, I don't know, receiving mirror, or something. And the psychologist, after all, in each session, in each consultation, comes up with a specific hypothesis for each specific consultation. I thought to the client, what could be the most useful, the most necessary thing to do for this client? To listen, to listen, to give the opportunity to place these experiences and slightly reduce the degree of internal tension, internal chaos, structuring on the shelves what is happening at the level of feelings. So, in general, that's exactly what I was doing for more than 50 minutes. And at what point is a hypothesis born? after 3 minutes and 42 seconds. The hypothesis is born then, well, a person comes, you somehow see what is happening in his body, you hear what this person tells you, you hear the request that the client brings you, and gradually somehow a picture develops inside of that, I don't have an exact, exact marks when exactly this hypothesis is formed. It's just that during the entire consultation, I personally wonder what this client needs at the moment, what I think he needs. And, in general, based on this, I act. And the hypothesis may change once or twice within the framework of one consultation, because the topics of discussion may be different. These are not three requests, these are three topics that the client spoke about as part of his request. That's how I would describe it. I noticed that the topics were changing dramatically, and in general, there was probably a feeling that the client was very structured. And I noted that it seems to me that this structure helps the client to cope with what is happening. In this sense, I had no goal to destroy this structure, bring some chaos, somehow disinhibit the client.
Speaker A: Well, okay.
Speaker B: The inner world is so built, the best thing to do is to support. Therefore, somehow, okay, the client copes with what is happening inside, I'm ready to stay with it. I am ready to accept it, I do not have any disagreement with this, that it is necessary in some other way.