Speaker B: Well, I had two marriages, and, you know, I... well, somehow I achieved a lot of things myself, well, somehow I achieved, and my daughter learned, and... Ira bought it herself, well, such material ones, yes. And I continue to develop. But as for... My first marriage was a student, we lived a little. There I ran away from my mother more, my mother was so authoritarian, and it seemed to me that if I got married, she would not interfere. It seemed, yes. It seemed, yes. And then we lived for five years with my husband, and I didn't get married. Well, I had a relationship, of course, but I didn't come out somehow. I was always afraid that a man would treat my daughter badly. And everything. Then, when my daughter got married and I met a man, I got married. And we lived like this... I lived in my second marriage for almost six years, and now we have been divorced for three years. The problem is that I choose, I really like smart, successful men, such, you know, who, well, like such investors. I'm afraid of them. I'm afraid. And I really am them, I have a feeling that, you know, like I am, well, as if I am unworthy of them, or I am not interesting to them. but because my second enemy was, he lived on my territory, and I looked, it seems like a good man, but in fact this is not the man I told you about, yes, who I see, dreams. And I just, like, nurtured him, you know, you need to invest, well, do something, and in the end we broke up not even on my initiative, I had these relationships, but I took the initiative all the time, you know, while I was this locomotive, they persisted. Before we broke up for a year, well, finally, he left, well, decided to go somewhere in some kind of domestic quarrel. His complaints to me were of such a format that I always point out, say what to do. This is partly true. I'm not even going to argue with that. But in my opinion, there was a need for this. And it's like this... And he left. Well, he's gone. I called him myself a day later. I think, well, really, I'm on myself... I think it's really not like that... He's back. Then a year passed in the fall. He repeated the trick. Well, he says I need to take a break. And you know, when he left, I'm kind of relieved. I myself, I shared with my friends, I say that it's hard for me, I can't anymore, I don't want to. But I couldn't take this step myself. That's all. Then he left, he, invisibly, he waited, because he started texting, I will file for divorce if you want earlier, I then plan, if you want earlier, he says, yes, please, I agreed at all and that's it. Well, in general, that's it. And my question is that I don't want to do this anymore. Here, you know, I want this equivalent. Now I said the equivalent. I think maybe this is my equivalence. You know, well, that's how. Maybe I think better of myself or I don't know. Well, in general, this does not mean that I want to eat someone on the neck. You know, it's not about that. No. I want, you know, a man to take on some such basic global tasks, because everything that concerns the life of the female side, as it seems to me, for which a woman is responsible, in my opinion, everything is fine with me. I like to do this, for example, and cook, and create comfort, and work, that's how I earn. I want, you know, this. But I have difficulties with this. Here I really seem to be afraid of them. It's like I don't know how to behave with them. And it also seems to me that Women with some special qualities are needed for such men. As if I don't have these qualities. Well, here is such an idea, you know, in my head. I didn't think I'd cry at all, really.
Speaker A: What are your tears about now? What are you crying about?
Speaker B: What am I crying about then? What am I crying about?
Speaker A: You can answer at your own pace. I mean, take your time.
Speaker B: Uh-huh, uh-huh. You know, like some kind of... here... Unfortunately... Ouch! Some kind of self-pity, I think. It's like I feel sorry for myself, or something.
Speaker A: And for what?
Speaker B: For the life that I somehow could not create the kind of relationship that I dream of. I know I don't have that.
Speaker A: It was that I... Is it regret for something that didn't happen?
Speaker B: That's not what happened, maybe with me... but how is it if it's like this now that I hear it so that it's like I had such an opportunity and I missed it like this and I can't remember if I ever had such a thing in principle, well, I think so, but I'm like, well, yes, they probably happened, yes, Although I don't I can recall a specific case here. You know, when, well, to say, here, there was, for example, such a man courted, and I was, well, most likely, there was something. You know, here, well, when people were paying attention to me, and I, well, somehow behaved like that, or maybe I was showing that I, that I, well, didn't really need it or was interested in it, although it wasn't, it wasn't.
Speaker A: When I talk about what didn't happen, I mean that you have two marriages behind you, for which, apparently, you had expectations.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And these expectations were not met. When I talk about not happening, I mean this.
Speaker B: Oh, yes, yes, yes, and I think I would have done something else, yes, yes, they didn't come true, yes, what I drew for myself here.
Speaker A: And what do you think in the framework of our open meeting here so that we can try to make your request sound like the conditions that are given to us.
Speaker B: Yes, suddenly, here I am thinking again, suddenly it will sound too voluminous, globally.
Speaker A: That's how I find it... This is already my job, well, in the sense that you can speak as you see it.
Speaker B: Yes, yes, you see, I take it upon myself, then I wait for what I need... How can I find this inner courage when... Well, with such smart, strong men, you know, whom I want, how do I find this inner confidence, courage and that's what's wrong with me, well, that's how everything is fine and how worthy I am too.
Speaker A: And what helped you come today?
Speaker B: You have no idea how scared I was. It's horrible. I just have it all in the morning. I even had some desires to write that it was canceled. Although I have put all this in the plan now, then I think, no, I will do it. Here and here to sum up somehow, well, I'm thinking about myself. No, that's when it's scary, I'll just go. And I wrote it simply, I didn't even expect that you would answer. I think I will write. Here I didn't even have an expectation that you would answer.
Speaker A: So you didn't write in order for me to answer?
Speaker B: You know, well, that's such a fantasy, you know that suddenly it's possible, but here's the certainty that it will happen, yes, what will you answer. I absolutely didn't, yes. Well, yes, probably, yes. Well, I did everything.
Speaker A: Does it somehow resemble your way of interacting with the world?
Speaker B: Explain, Dad.
Speaker A: Well, okay, yes, I understand, a broad question. I mean, you narrow your question down to relationships with men. I, in turn, think that everyone builds their relationships with all aspects of life in a similar way. Well, in the sense that relationships with men can somehow be extrapolated to other relationships in life.
Speaker B: I understand, yes.
Speaker A: And you describe your way of interacting, that you want something, you take some step towards it, while seemingly not even allowing for the possibility that this something will happen to you. And so I asked in this context.
Speaker B: It looks like, yes, it looks like. It seems so. You know, I'm here... Maybe I have such an idea, that's where the legs, let's say, grow from, this one... To explain a little bit. I had a grandmother, and here is mine... I am a late child with her, my grandfather died at the front, her first husband. Grandma got married for the second time, and I had a grandfather, a grandfather, and they had two children. My aunt, uncle and, accordingly, children, brothers and sisters.
Speaker A: From your non-native grandfather?
Speaker B: Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes. And grandma kept saying that I should behave well so as not to annoy, not to anger grandpa, that I should help, do something all the time, because she also explained. Perhaps I said that they also behave like this, my cousins and sisters who are from this grandfather. She said you weren't her own granddaughter. you see, and that's why he's not your own grandfather, at least if my grandmother hadn't told me that, I was like I didn't find out about it, maybe, but if I did, then if she didn't focus on it, because about my grandfather I'm like this, just some kind of I didn't notice a particularly bad attitude towards myself. He was like that, well, like all people, probably of that generation, emotional feelings, emotions, manifestations. He was so harsh, a hard worker, well, somehow. but nothing so that I know here he is something to confirm it to her and this feeling you know is not native even when I bought here an apartment in my city such a prestigious elite well, a good house, yes, here is a complex and when I already bought it, there was nothing to do repairs here, I came by car, I didn't even stop by into the yard. Imagine, I already have the keys, well, that's it, I paid. I didn't even go into the yard, I left my car behind the yard. Well, that is, she went to the ball. I have this... I'm right now, I don't know why I remembered it. Well, that is, I didn't even immediately, you know, although this is already mine. And it was like, I don't live here yet, I haven't done the repairs yet. Well, what am I going to do? The car. Well, then somehow it went like that. Apparently, something had to be unloaded, and this is already...
Speaker A: Were you raised by your grandparents?
Speaker B: No, but the parents... No, no, not Grandma and Grandpa. I stayed with my grandparents because for some reason I remembered it. I have both mom and dad... My mother was very strict, so authoritarian. She beat me. I studied well, but she could even get B's in oral subjects, for example, because she thought that, well, an oral subject for a B, she even said, well, it's being a fool to, well, how what, read it, petel, right? Such moments did not happen. Here. And my dad is Georgian, and my mom is Russian. And they lived for a while, until I was also five years old, and then Dad left for Georgia. But he took me to his place every summer and came. He sent parcels all the time. He was kind of in my life, Dad. But you understand, I was there in Georgia, you know, you know how, I haven't been here in Russia either. Here is my own Russian maiden name, Georgian. I wasn't my own. Here, you know, and I somehow felt it, I felt it on myself, and... well, Dad didn't beat me, didn't scold me, well, he could have done something, made some kind of remark, of course, but there were no such things from him.
Speaker A: I'm thinking about that... Something about the message that you received in the family of your grandparents and in the parental family, it's about the fact that, as if yes, you are not quite your own. Is there someone who somehow deserves more, or what? This raises a logical question. I look at your backdrop, I see well, somehow sophistication. the bookcase I mentioned when we first connected, and you yourself tell me that you bought an apartment for yourself, apparently not bad, and provide for yourself. Well, that is, you still manage to do something, and you have the courage, and, apparently, to a sufficient extent. How do you do it? Well, that is, as if your material reinforcement, well, some of your work, it's not bad. Accordingly, you somehow, I don't know, know how to present yourself, I don't know, or... I do not know what you are doing. I mean, it's as if the external expression and inner feeling have some backlash, that you say that you are both a coward, and as if you are unworthy of some better attitude towards yourself, while I see that you live in a good attitude towards yourself.
Speaker B: Well, yes, you know, it was my anniversary on Friday, it's 50 years old, and I gathered friends, and I hear from them, and I believe in their sincerity, the way they speak, how they treat. People who surround me, I work in the beauty industry, my first education is philological, and then divorce from my husband, financial difficulties, and I became a craftsman to live, raise a child, I have a daughter. But I work a lot as with clients, I hear contact not only from friends, but also from other people's clients. I really hear good words. It's not that I don't believe them, you know, they just want to sing to me there. I don't feel that way myself, that's the thing. I don't have this. I know that. You know, that's how I know. But at the level of understanding, well, for me understanding is somehow a combination of knowledge with feelings, I don't have it, and this, and how to connect it to feel like this, that it's true. And even if, well, when they said good words to me there, and that's it, they were very nice words, I even analyze them, you know, and think, well, as if we should try even better to do something, How can we justify that these people have such an opinion about me, or what?
Speaker A: When you were saying now that it would be great if there was no dissonance between knowledge and sensation, I thought that the first thought that came to me was that it must be very frightening. I'll explain now. Well, if I know that I am worthy of, I don't know, a good relationship, I don't know, a good apartment, a good car, and I feel that I am worthy of a good relationship and a good apartment and a good car, then it means that I can ask for more. Or want more. And at this point, this thought seems to me quite frightening. What does she look like to you? If you had no fear, then you would directly take, or want, or ask to take what you really want.
Speaker B: It's not so difficult for me right now, because this is such a question, even it's incomprehensible, to be honest.
Speaker A: And what did you feel, what did you feel when I said that?
Speaker B: Did you talk? It's a shame, you know.
Speaker A: Ashamed?
Speaker B: Yeah. Well, what... Well, as if you are not enough, and so I am, you can imagine how... Well, what... Scary. You know, this is what I thought when you said that, this is how I took it, that it's like for others it's, well, what I want more, as frightening, or it's for me. Here I am confused, I don't understand.
Speaker A: And I would like to rewind a little bit and ask, who is ashamed of? Well, if you imagine that there is a figure in front of which you are ashamed to want more, then who would it be? Probably from your loved ones.
Speaker B: Well, Grandma for some reason. Well, that's it.
Speaker A: And Mom? Does Mom know how to want a lot?
Speaker B: Mom is no longer there. And Mom knows how to want a lot or... It's hard for me to say if she knew how to want a lot. She was such an independent lady. I think so. It seems to me for some reason that she could, but in any case, she somehow said it, well, at least about it, expressing about her mother, grandmother, yes, that's it, well, that's it. That is, I, for example, do not express it to anyone.
Speaker A: What... She was talking, but did she live like this?
Speaker B: No, no, no.
Speaker A: You know, there is such a thought experiment, I rarely show so much activity to talk about thought experiments, but I would like to voice it to you. The thought experiment is as follows: if we imagine a mother and daughter sitting at the same table, an adult mother, a small daughter, and stale bread on the table in front of mom, and delicious cakes in front of daughter. Will my daughter be able to enjoy this cake? seeing a mother with stale bread in front of her. And it seems to me that this situation may be similar to yours. And what a shame it can be exactly for that. That if loved ones do not have experience eating cakes, well, I will continue this metaphor, then coming out of this family system, it is very difficult to want these cakes and allow yourself. What are you thinking about now? Where are your thoughts?
Speaker B: And here I am, yes, I just think how I am, because, well, I just thought that I, it turns out, you know, with my whole life I proved, that's how I can, that's, well, I proved to men, I chose those who can prove it, assert yourself. It turns out that I'm like a mom, yes, it's like, you know, how I proved that I was like this, somehow worthless, something was somehow broadcast to me now, and I was proving that I wasn't, well, earning, acquiring something that I can do something, but at the same time it's still this moment that I... I have this cake, yes, but how can I, yes, use it when others, well, others, I mean now mom, yes, not like that, I as I look back at her, it turns out unconsciously, right? Well, it's clear that... I don't know how...
Speaker A: You have just drawn such an interesting parallel. And did I hear correctly that you had the idea that you were building relationships with men, as if projecting the image of your mother onto them, and as if asserting yourself against their background.
Speaker B: Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. I didn't think Mom had anything to do with it at all.
Speaker A: Mom always has something to do with it.
Speaker B: I know that. Well, somehow, yes. And so, yes. This is a big job, I understand, like with Mom. It seems to me that there was something, but maybe not in this direction, there are many different vectors.
Speaker A: I would divide a bit. There is the past, there is the present. In the sense that talking about relationships with mom and trying to analyze them is not a bad thing. But besides her, there are real ones. There are some real or future real relationships there with a man or with men. And there, having them, it is important to analyze them. That is, there can certainly be some parallels, but nevertheless there is no past, there is no future yet, there is the present. And if you had these relationships, I do not know if they exist now or not, then you could talk directly about them and try to analyze them at the moment of time in which you live. Because it's impossible to prepare for a relationship. Yes, it is impossible in advance. But I wanted to say, you know what, that among other things, Building a relationship with an equal partner, with a person whom, say, you respect and whom you don't feel somehow inadequate, is regardless of the background, it is in any case more difficult than building a relationship with someone over whom there is an emotional some kind of power.
Speaker B: I've already figured it out, yes. No, I'm not in a relationship. And it's always been that way for me. I left the relationship then for a long, long time, like a cut. You know, in general, it's just a job in this. It is clear that I meet my friends there when life is not so good that I just close down. No, I love holidays and fun. That is, somehow both guests and guests. Here. And yes, yes.
Speaker A: Tell us, if possible, about the rest of your life. I mean, if you have any deficits in it, are there any desires in it that you don't dare to. Maybe you can somehow look at this plane.
Speaker B: Well, you know, maybe I have something else, that's that I have a daughter who is 31 years old, I have two grandchildren, a granddaughter of 6 years and a grandson of 9 months, so we live separately in the same city. And so you know, well, while my daughter was studying, my daughter is a doctor, being married, of course, I helped financially and now there is no need for this, she is on her own, I like to make gifts, it's like I arrange holidays, it's all with me, you know, that's like I'm well, let's say I go to rest or something that's to buy myself, I'll buy of course, but this is global if I go to rest, I think that as I myself will go and they won't go there, that's what I'm doing to myself, you know how I'm a little bit difficult, well, I still know how I help, well, this is my absolute initiative, to buy, to give, and thereby I limit myself, yes, well, I deprive myself of the opportunity, for example, to go on vacation, because, well, now, to be honest, and the income is already a little bit not the same, well, as it was, well, fine, well, and so on. Here, here is this moment, here if about it, here in this I have a deficit, here you know how to say, I have it, I seem to have it, let's all go together somehow, here, and for this I have finances now, well, to invite everyone, so to speak No, but it's possible, of course, I have some kind of guilt then that I'm there, here.
Speaker A: The same one.
Speaker B: Well, yes.
Speaker A: Do they need help? Do they need help?
Speaker B: No, they are coping. Of course, as a young family, they probably would like something bigger, better, but my son-in-law is such a good guy, he works, they cope, everything is fine with them. It is clear that they want more. I understand it's better to have a car there, there's something else, but by and large, of course, everything is fine.
Speaker A: Well, in the sense that your sacrifice is not necessary... No, no, not at all.
Speaker B: No, this is mine. And even to this day, you know, if I buy myself something there, I think, well, they need it too. This is some kind of idea. although my daughter even says to me now in plain text, one does not need to, yes, yes, yes, it is not necessary, but I have like this, well, how can I be a bad selfish mother.
Speaker A: And how do you feel about the fact that you ignore its boundaries?
Speaker B: There is such a thing, I agree, yes. Just like my mom. To me. I would lay down my life not to be like Mom. Well, in some ways I succeeded. But what you just said is straight, yes. There is such an idea in my head, yes.
Speaker A: And if, again, it's a thought experiment, and if you imagine that, for example, you decide not to help at some time, not to invest your funds in another family, but somehow you have the opportunity to do something for yourself here, without looking back at anyone-or, what kind of feeling do you have in this place? Here all the roads are open, no one needs to do anything. The children have grown up, the grandchildren are well-fed. There is no man to save and prove, either. There is only you, your means and complete freedom.
Speaker B: Well, it's just delight, you know, because, well, joy, it's, well, it's with me, because it's just like that, that is, the body, right Uh, well, freedom.
Speaker A: I will note that yes, apparently, you do not organize freedom for yourself. And what would it be, what would it be expressed in? In what way could this impulse be expressed?
Speaker B: What is expressed in?
Speaker A: Well, yes, you say delight and freedom, but what would you do in simple language?
Speaker B: Well, what would I do? Yes, I would go somewhere in terms of travel, I would go somewhere.
Speaker A: Where to? Well, let's give this a form.
Speaker B: Form? Here's the form. I've been wanting to go to a sanatorium for a very long time. you know, just why do I need a sanatorium? because if this is a trip to the cities, then you still walk a lot, after such a rest you need to rest a little more, because... and why do I want a sanatorium? I had, I've been here for a long time, and I have such that there's such a relaxation, they do everything for you, yes, there are massages, baths, I live here nearby, We have a lot of comdminbods watching. Here. And... I would like this, I would go right away. So that, you know, everything is there, I walked, walked, slept. That's the regularity.
Speaker A: Somehow... For someone to outsource yours... your life processes. To have someone cook for you, do massages, take responsibility off you.
Speaker B: Well, there's definitely nothing to do, because I'm in a sanatorium, you know, no one will call, pull out there, no, everything, it's like everything is legalized there, I'm in a sanatorium. Here I would probably do this, yes. at the same time, it became alarming and immediately somehow.
Speaker A: Somehow, tell me about the alarm, I'm anxious.
Speaker B: You know, such a controller sha and right there there is no need, as if it's alarming that well, yes, it will be fine then when I come back and everything is again.
Speaker A: The same thing is that this time will sink that you will miss everything from me.
Speaker B: It's like I have to compensate my loved ones, you know, this is such an idea, but it was good for me to make them feel good. Although they feel so good, I'm, well, as I know, fine, they're doing well. This idea, you know, it's just like that, it kind of gets in the way. I'm hooked.
Speaker A: It needs someone whose orbit you need to walk. Someone with whom you need to compare your steps, states and actions. And when you were in a relationship, this is how it was expressed, this is your desire, I don't know, to be for the second, to compensate, to feel guilty when you do something for yourself.
Speaker B: Yes, the same, everything too, well, as it was, yes, of course, of course.
Speaker A: Yes.
Speaker B: Yes, the same, everything is the same. Here it is necessary to compensate.
Speaker A: No one asks, but it is necessary.
Speaker B: Yeah, no one is asking. And does not reproach, does not say. "Oh, you, like that there..." No, it's not. But in childhood it was a lot, yes, that's something "must, must, must", that's well somehow… And I'm dragging this out, as if no one is telling me this anymore.
Speaker A: What was it like as a child? What did you need to compensate for as a child?
Speaker B: Well, a good disposition of parents, well, like mothers, yes, grandmothers, obey, do something, well, there, wash, clean, here, cook, well, do everything, you know, to try very hard. Well, it's such a good thing to have.
Speaker A: You have to pay some kind of favor for yourself... Pay, yes.
Speaker B: You have to pay, yes. It's impossible to do something just like that.
Speaker A: At this point, I want to go back to the beginning, when you were talking about how you feel unworthy, worthy of men. I just thought that if such a form of relationship exists within you, then in order to be with a decent one, I take it in quotation marks, because this is a very subjective concept, to be with a decent man, you need to try very, very hard, you need to match something very, very much. Can't you do that? Or do you have nothing to offer?
Speaker B: And, probably, I don't know how, I don't know how, probably more, well, to offer, yes, somehow, what, what, what, as if, you know, as if those women who have such men, they have, they have some such qualities.
Speaker A: Come on, come on, which ones? What qualities do they have?
Speaker B: I don't know.
Speaker A: Magical?
Speaker B: Well, it's like they're, you know, so confident that... As if they are wise, soft, feminine. Well, I don't know what they are.
Speaker A: Well, such, you know... A persistent feeling that you have just described yourself.
Speaker B: But so about me, yes, they say like. The thing is, I'm telling you, I don't feel that way somehow. Do you understand?
Speaker A: But you know that.
Speaker B: The knowledge is there. Still, yes. There is knowledge. I won't say that I disagree with this. to reflect, to analyze, of course, of course, I know. But, you know, this is when it's from the inside, such confidence at the level of feelings, this is what it is, there are such glimpses of some sometimes, but then it's like this is how I cling.
Speaker A: I'm thinking now that I don't know for all people, but I know for sure for myself, and I know for sure for a certain number of people with whom I communicate in my work. To be honest, I don't know such reinforced concrete self-confident people. I know people who know what you know. Then, when they feel differently, they try to bring themselves back to this knowledge. Well, because it's an emotion, well, it's just an emotion. And you can try to return yourself to this, to reality, that in fact everything is a little wrong, that in fact everything is fine with me. Yes, there is my life, family, parental experience, it says the opposite. But I'm not seven, or eight, or even twelve anymore. I know things are different. And you, in general, say about this that you know that things are different. And the results of your, I don't know, the material results of your life say the same thing, that you know it.
Speaker B: Yes, thank you. Thank you, because, yes, I have a feeling that it's like we need to do something else, something else, so that, accordingly, everything just really comes back to knowledge, that I'm kind of good enough and everything is fine with me, and not live like this, you know, one more thing, one more thing, and then already, and already half a century, so you think, oh. Well, you know, so. Well, and I understand perfectly well that it's not up to the ideal, it's not up to perfection, because it's an unattainable thing. Thank you, I will return myself to my knowledge. and not to the illusions that you know how, what else is needed.
Speaker A: Do. Now we are running out of time, yes, in the sense that we will not have time to talk about it, but it seems to me that this is a good touch for the future, that it would be possible to expand this story after all. It would be possible to talk about how you treat men next to you. Well, if you have an expectation for yourself that you can become some kind of ideal, then there is probably an expectation for your partner that he will become some kind of ideal. And this, it turns out, is such a relationship between a phantom and a phantom. The relationship of a nonexistent version of yourself with a nonexistent version of the person opposite. But this is more for self-study.
Speaker B: Yes. This is so, of course. It is clear that there are demands, expectations and things from yourself, yes, and so... Illusions, do they stay, you know. Yes.
Speaker A: Give some feedback if there is any. If it's not violence against yourself.
Speaker B: No. No, it won't. Thank you very much. I liked it very much. Such a useful experience. The main thing is how I feel right now. You know, that's what I was shaking right under my knees, under my veins. Not because someone will see me, hear me. No, not about that. But somehow it was, you know, very embarrassing for me to tell you about it, I was even ashamed. And now I don't have the fact that, you know, I'm ashamed of myself that I talked about it or stated it. I am pleased with myself even that I did it. Thank you for such a delicate, you know, such tactful, delicate work that you showed me. And, most importantly, my condition came out as it calmed down. And I saw, the most important thing I saw for myself, that you showed, that's the last phrase, yes, that a phantom, some kind of phantom with a phantom. Therefore, of course, it is impossible to meet, connect. I have something to think about. Thank you very much.
Speaker A: Thank you for coming and daring.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Okay, let's finish. Then you switch off, and I'll voice the traditional after the word. Happily.
Speaker B: Goodbye, thank you.
Speaker A: That's it, we were left alone. Firstly, in my opinion, the session was a success. It seems interesting and intense to me. I had a feeling that I was stepping somewhere wrong in a couple of places. I'll think about it. But, nevertheless, we walked...
Speaker B: Come on.
Speaker A: We are in the right direction, so I'll say about the hypothesis first, a small piece of advertising because when you buy courses from me, it helps me record my programs, update equipment and equip the office thank you very much for this, I want to advertise my course my support is I don't remember 12 or 13 video lessons, very useful for beginners specialists, where there is all the information necessary to start the practice, to start the distance, after viewing, studying which you will definitely feel more stable. Count in the description. And now about the hypothesis. In general, in my opinion, everything was quite obvious. It is quite obvious in the sense that we all come from childhood, and we learn to build relationships with the outside world the way we were taught. And it often becomes such an internal conflict when I want to live differently, and I may even be living differently, but internally I still feel constrained, I feel uncomfortable for my desires, for my needs. and then you need to separate you need to do something you need to go you need to try to go your own way without turning around or turning around, but not for long to the place where I grew up in general, we talked about different directions and in my opinion we had different different different blocks or was there a block about some kind of allowing yourself something-that's more. There was a block about relationships with men there at the very end, there was a block about such interdependence from loved ones. These are all slightly different, but at the same time related topics. And, of course, it would make sense to work further in order to somehow delve deeper into this and talk it all out more tightly. Find yourself in this. In general, it could probably be made such a slogan of this meeting and possible future work. Find yourself in your life. Because yes, the client has so many attachments to someone, to the image of someone. And at the same time there is a desire for some kind of own life. And it would be possible to continue working with this. It's difficult for me to formulate now, because, well, somehow for me the processes were quite on the surface and quite understandable, and we talked about all of them, and the girl was very responsive, responsive, and the dialogue was, well, floating, there was no, I didn't feel any such serious, serious resistance. If there are any questions about the hypothesis, because I did, you can ask in the comments, that's fine, I, if you watch my videos, see that I try to answer, I try to answer some relevant remarks and relevant questions, or at least put likes for your comments. Perhaps, probably, everything. Write your questions, write comments and read about the course My Support in the description of this video. There is always a discount for those who watch my videos. See you. And, by the way, they sent me a lot of letters for the morning mail, so maybe for some time I will make them, post them twice a week. morning mail, but I'll take a look, I'll start recording the analysis of your letters and look, that is, it will either be the next Thursday and then Thursdays, or Thursday and something else. Send letters, too, and send letters, and in an open consultation, too, for an open consultation, too, contact. Have a good day to you all, have a good day.