Speaker A: Good afternoon.
Speaker B: Good afternoon.
Speaker A: What brings you here?
Speaker B: I'm 21 years old, and at 21 I feel like I should have conquered this whole world a long time ago. earn all the money and buy all the cars in this world.
Speaker A: And it didn't work out, apparently, yet.
Speaker B: No.
Speaker A: Great expectations.
Speaker B: Yes. They've always been like that. Not only in the material.
Speaker A: And what else?
Speaker B: Well, I am a master of sports in swimming and have been practicing professionally for 12 years, and as an ordinary athlete I had goals for some higher awards and competitions, but nothing happened, and now for two years I have somehow, I don't know, stopped believing in myself, and from sports I have for some reason, attention has shifted to some material things. Here. And I can't do anything in them either. It seems to me that it's not very normal when you're so fixated on some such things. Cars, for example.
Speaker A: And tell us a little more about it. Well, like this... How does everything inside sound to you? You probably scold yourself somehow and expect something from yourself. What does this inner struggle look like inside you?
Speaker B: I moved to St. Petersburg after I finished swimming. Well, here everything is a little different, I feel different. For example, today I arrived at this station, walked and saw people walking with Louis Vuitton bags on a BMW, and I wanted to get there as soon as possible, because it seemed to me that I was not even worthy of being at this station. Well, in the center, I mean, approximately. And I can't do anything about it. This feeling, on the contrary, does not give me any motivation to do something, but takes away my strength, and I just can't do anything at all.
Speaker A: What do you do the rest of the time?
Speaker B: I try to work constantly, I'm a swimming coach. I haven't gone far from my profession as a child, so to speak.
Speaker A: And how long have you moved to St. Petersburg?
Speaker B: In August.
Speaker A: Ah, that is, quite recently. Do you study here?
Speaker B: No, I study in the city where I swam.
Speaker A: And how do you combine? Are you studying in absentia somehow?
Speaker B: This is distance learning. I signed a free schedule. Because I work in my specialty and I was given it. I come only for sessions.
Speaker A: And what city are you from?
Speaker B: In general, I come from Nizhny Tagil, Syrlovskaya oblast. Then at the age of 15 I moved to Yekaterinburg. There she trained at the Olympic Reserve School. Then she moved to Khanty-Mansiysk. There she also studied at the Olympic Reserve School until the 11th grade. I entered there. I swam here somewhere until the end of the first year. Now I'm on the third. Well, here I am.
Speaker A: You have such a busy, moving youth. Did you move alone?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And the parents?
Speaker B: Parents in their city stayed in Tagil.
Speaker A: So you have been living such an independent life since you were 15 years old, it turns out?
Speaker B: Yes, yes.
Speaker A: And how do you do it?
Speaker B: I don't know. I think I'm going to Pusha now.
Speaker A: Why?
Speaker B: I don't know. I'm just talking about it somehow. I don't know.
Speaker A: Your eyes are already filled with tears. What are they about? What are they about? What are these tears about?
Speaker B: Well, that my expectations are somehow not being realized, probably. Here.
Speaker A: It seemed to me that your tears appeared at the place where I asked how you have been coping with this adult life since the age of 15.
Speaker B: I just endured it before. And you asked me, too... Is it even possible to do this? Well, cry. Here, on camera.
Speaker A: That is, you have been going for so long, if I understand your feelings correctly, it's not that you have been going for so long, so long to something, and very hard, and very in a difficult way. We came to the conclusion that somehow your expectations of yourself were not met.
Speaker B: Yes. In sports achievements it was not justified. And now. Well, I understand that, in principle, it's only been six months since I've been here. But still. You start comparing yourself with people and ... well, I somehow understand in my subconscious that my experiences are somehow unfounded, but all the same. So it turns out.
Speaker A: And for what purpose did you go to St. Petersburg?
Speaker B: Just because I've wanted to for a very long time. I haven't been able to do it for a very long time. There were different obstacles. Here. As a result, it turned out.
Speaker A: What did your life look like before you were 15? I mean life in the parental family, relationships in the parental family.
Speaker B: Yes, we were fine. I have been in the 5th grade, since I was 12 years old, I have already started my professional career, swimming. My parents took me to training at 5 in the morning, then to school. So it's fine with that, it's fine.
Speaker A: What would your request sound like? Here we have about fifty minutes. And you can somehow dispose of them. And what would you like to get out of it?
Speaker B: How to learn to live without dwelling on some, one might say, small things. We have to be in the center of our universe, and that everything revolves around us, so that we do everything for ourselves. And now I have something that I strive for and dream about, it's in the center, and I'm running around in a circle for it, as a result, somehow nothing happens.
Speaker A: And why do you run, if you call it words? Well, because I want to... No, not why. I mean, why exactly?
Speaker B: And why exactly? Well, for the life I dream of.
Speaker A: And this life is connected with some material benefits?
Speaker B: Material, and not only, but most of all it depresses me financially. Well, apparently, what is missing is depressing.
Speaker A: Do you have any financial difficulties?
Speaker B: Well, of course, I have to rent an apartment here. I just started my coaching career, and I'm not shoveling money yet.
Speaker A: At the same time, you are at the beginning of the path.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Do your parents help you?
Speaker B: Well, yes, sometimes they help. Well, I understand that 21 years, to help, well, it's somehow not very. I already have to help them, it seems to me.
Speaker A: Why do you have such high expectations for yourself? Well, to help parents at the age of 21, to drive a BMW and walk with Lew Vuitton, to achieve some super successes in sports. These are very high expectations.
Speaker B: Because I compare myself with others who already have it all.
Speaker A: Yes, but there are also other people, and you choose to compare exactly with those who have something in excess.
Speaker B: Not in excess, but with those who have what I dream about.
Speaker A: We are all looking for some kind of fortune one way or another. Even in the search for something material, we are looking for some inner state. If I had it, I would feel a certain way. If you answered this question, how would you feel if you were at the point where you want to be?
Speaker B: Probably some kind of calmness and lightness. What? Well, I've come to something after all. If it didn't work out in one, then at least I was able to achieve something somewhere. To achieve something.
Speaker A: Do you have a feeling that you have not come anywhere and have achieved nothing? You are very strict with yourself.
Speaker B: As it is.
Speaker A: I'll ask you again, what would your request sound like?
Speaker B: How to feel peace of mind and just let go of everything I'm thinking about right now and just calmly go to my goals. Because every day I have these thoughts spinning in my head that I have nothing, I'm on the bus, and someone is driving a car. I live in a rented apartment, and someone at 21 already has their own apartment. Someone in my sports club earns 100 thousand, and in six months I couldn't even make half of their earnings.
Speaker A: It seems to me that the difficulty in this case could be that then you have to admit that you are who you are, with the successes and failures that you have.
Speaker B: Probably, yes. Sometimes I want some fortune-teller, I do not know who, to tell me that you will succeed if you take everything calmly and confidently go to something. I can say that to myself, but what, for me, my words don't know anything. Because if I have already had a defeat in sports once, then there is already a reason to doubt myself.
Speaker A: And what scares you about living a life without high achievements?
Speaker B: It's kind of depressing.
Speaker A: Despondency?
Speaker B: Well, if you look, here we have two sides, the poor, who have two children, a salary of 20 thousand and a mortgage. And there are those who have reached their goal and live a full happy life. I don't want to end up on that part as a poor one. Because... Because it will be my unrealization.
Speaker A: It's interesting that whatever you spend, you measure life by some kind of material success. As if your very goal is to have financial security.
Speaker B: I don't know, maybe I want to prove something to someone or to myself. Most likely, to yourself.
Speaker A: And how do your parents live? I'm just wondering in what context you lived up to the age of 15 and in what context your family lived. And what of this has taught you this approach to life?
Speaker B: Well, we, in principle, lived normally. For a while, it was even very good, but not everything was stable now. Parents' finances, of course, are difficult with them. That's why I want to help them now. And I don't have the ability to do that.
Speaker A: Do you feel responsible?
Speaker B: Well, yes, yes.
Speaker A: In general, as if for everything.
Speaker B: Well, yes.
Speaker A: We run into something every time in our dialogue.
Speaker B: I just feel that it's not very normal to regard your life as something material like this. And that's why I don't even know how to formulate my thoughts. That's the only thing I want is to have peace of mind, so that I don't worry so much about all this.
Speaker A: What is the reason for your restlessness? It's not exactly connected with the lack of money, I guess. This is some kind of unrest that... It worries you inside. It would be interesting to understand what it is about.
Speaker B: I have a fear that I will not be able to achieve some of my goals again.
Speaker A: And then what?
Speaker B: Then I will always live in the state that I have now.
Speaker A: With a high degree of probability, it can be assumed that you will face the fact that you will not be able to achieve some goals. This is an aspect that cannot be excluded. There are no people who achieve all their goals, successfully in all their affairs and are always on the horse. The question is that your failures really unsettle you. That your failures, it seems to me, are perceived as something fatal.
Speaker B: It's true, yes.
Speaker A: As something that puts an end to some potentially possible happy future.
Speaker B: Yes, it's true.
Speaker A: Here, I think, but what to do if it is impossible to exclude failures, while they are so painful for you.
Speaker B: Perhaps it is necessary to somehow, I do not know, change priorities in life, but I do not know how. Or change your mindset. Or believe in yourself through some other ways, but I also don't know through which.
Speaker A: There is some kind of trend that I hear from you, that when you talk about your life, I see a very independent person. I see a man who... Well, I'm trying to imagine myself at the age of 15, so that I would go somewhere to another city from my parents and live on my own, and play sports. Then I would move again and play sports again. And I'm scared if I try to imagine myself in your place. It seems to me a very big effort. And when you talk about yourself, I see a person who has gone through a great school of life, who knows how to hold on under, I don't know, changing circumstances, who knows how to cope, and you seem to devalue everything in your conversation, as if there are your failures, there is something that you can't, And this something puts an end to your happiness. But everything else seems to be missing. All those achievements, all those internal efforts that you have made, and what you have coped with, and what you are coping with. And this is very unfair. I want to say that this is very unfair.
Speaker B: I tried to explain to myself inside that it's not worth devaluing so much, but I can't do it, because for me what is already the past doesn't mean anything. Just a year ago, I dreamed of leaving this unhappy Khantamansiysk and moving here, but I couldn't. And now I've moved, and it doesn't really mean that much to me either. Well, she moved. Everyone is moving. In general, I want to have, I don't know, some kind of calmness. Because I have a psychologist with whom I have been communicating for a long time, but we don't regularly, and when I have something boiling, I call her. She helps me, and we touched on this topic so soon. But... I don't know, I didn't even want to talk about it, but now I wanted to. Because I realized that this is something that just tramples me into the ground, and it happens that I even get so tired of it that I don't even have the strength to wake up. I've never woken up an alarm clock in my life. I always woke up at a maximum of about nine. This is the maximum. And for the last two months, I just don't even hear the alarm clock. I can sleep for more than 12 hours, just not to wake up and not think about it anymore.
Speaker A: This may be related to some external events. Two months ago it was about New Year's Eve. What has happened in your life that you have been in this state for two months now?
Speaker B: Before the New Year, I planned to try myself in journalism. I was waiting for an answer from the company alone.
Speaker A: In sports journalism?
Speaker B: Yes, yes. I was waiting for a response from the company, and, in general, they postponed it all for later, and because the holidays were already coming, and I was waiting very, very much for this, because I wanted it very much. In general, they gave me the answer that yes, come on, you can try. The time has come when I have already settled down. And journalism for me, well, it's simple, it's space in general. I am not studying to be a journalist, I have never tried myself in this. And it was very hard for me there. The responsibility is great and I understood that I was not coping, although I was supported, Masha seemed to be doing well there, but I understood that I was writing some nonsense, because I compared myself to those who have been working there for a long time. And this acted on the fact that I did not want a new day to reproach myself again for something that was not working out for me.
Speaker A: So you have come to a completely new profession for yourself.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And ... and faced with the fact that, in general, you are not an expert, not a super-specialist in this profession.
Speaker B: I know it sounds weird, but it is. I probably shouldn't feel like this... to impose such responsibility on yourself.
Speaker A: And what happened next?
Speaker B: Well, we were working, and then I just couldn't cope with my inner state and said I couldn't do it anymore.
Speaker A: So that they don't meet some internal expectations from themselves?
Speaker B: Yes. And I also had my job, I couldn't quit it at all.
Speaker A: And what did you not cope with?
Speaker B: With an inner feeling.
Speaker A: No, in the work itself. Well, that is, you somehow... For what are you yourself?
Speaker B: Well, there's a structure there, and since I've never done it, I haven't always understood the structure of writing.
Speaker A: Exactly how is the text constructed?
Speaker B: Yes, yes. Because you can't just write this news. You have to definitely make up certain parts.
Speaker A: And it was difficult for you?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And that you didn't get the texts or didn't get them right away?
Speaker B: It didn't work out right away. And to write this text, you had to call people who... For example, Dmitry Guberniev. I was very scared. When I called the first person, an international tennis tournament was taking place at that time, and I expressed myself incorrectly, and this person swore at me, and I was so scared afterwards. Here. Well, it's all been accumulating, in general, all month.
Speaker A: And what happened a month later?
Speaker B: And I realized that I can no longer live like this, combine my studies, my job, and this job. It was just very hard for me mentally. Everywhere I bite myself for everything that I don't spend enough time studying, and so I'm not in that city, I don't go to couples. I also hand over tasks online at the wrong time. I don't take enough training on that stage job. And here I'm not very good at journalism. Here. And I decided to leave journalism and that's it.
Speaker A: — And you worked there for a month?
Speaker B: — Yes.
Speaker A: And after that somehow your condition worsened? Emotionally?
Speaker B: Actually it is... You can even say that it improved, it was a relief that at least something was gone from me, at least one source of stress was gone. Now I probably still don't regret that I quit, because I really would probably have gone off the rails.
Speaker A: And do you perceive this now as your professional failure or as something else?
Speaker B: Well, maybe, after all, yes, as a failure, because I could take it less seriously and it would be easier for me. I would still be able to combine the first.
Speaker A: Not so serious – what does it mean?
Speaker B: Well, when it didn't work out for me, I was sitting over this text, chuckling that Masha, well, get yourself together already.
Speaker A: To summarize again. At the age of 21, you got a job as a sports journalist without having any preparation for this. You had to communicate with the presenters, commentators, and write texts. And you did not cope with it, according to your internal criteria.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: When you hear from the outside how I describe it, what is there from it?
Speaker B: Well, when you repeated it now, it became a little funny to me that I even devalued journalism like this in my attempt.
Speaker A: Yes, I see your path as very bold, extremely bold.
Speaker B: I just always want someone to have... When I try to do something, so that there is some kind of outcome. And there was no result in journalism, I just left.
Speaker A: Well, this is also the result.
Speaker B: I want to see a positive outcome.
Speaker A: Well, you said it was a positive outcome. Because you got rid of that weight, of that burden that you couldn't carry.
Speaker B: If that's the way to look at it, then yes, positive.
Speaker A: This is the place where you took care of your condition, your well-being and your workload.
Speaker B: For the first time in my life, apparently. It's just that a friend of mine sent me to this journalism. And when I told him that I was taken, he was so happy and said come on, Masha, I believe in you. And now, when he asks me how you're doing, I'll be ashamed to say that I left because I couldn't cope.
Speaker A: And what do you think, if you told this person about how you lived this month, what you did, how you felt, would he condemn you so that he would make the decision to leave?
Speaker B: According to my thoughts, it seems to me that yes, because it seems to me that it's painful to react to everything like that, it's kind of childish at the age of 21, probably. As you said, I have enough life experience, and from this experience it is already possible to draw some conclusions and react differently to everything.
Speaker A: There is such a complexity that each of us does the maximum possible. for every moment of time. That is, just as much as I can, I, you, anyone, behave well, sustainably, just as much as we behave. I assume that you are also doing what you are doing based on what you can. And to do it better, it's hard to do something better if you're already doing the best you can.
Speaker B: But all the time it seems to me that I'm not doing my best. This, in principle, is the problem. That it seems to me that I'm not giving my best.
Speaker A: You know, I watch your emotions, I see your tears. And for some reason it seems to me that you are trying, you are trying very hard. You're just not superhuman.
Speaker B: Sorry.
Speaker A: Strictly speaking, none of us are superhuman. Yes, and even people with Louis Vuitton and BMW are not superhumans either.
Speaker B: For a while it seems to me that I have to cope with my own emotions on my own, because from the age of 18 I began to face some such internal problems and decided that after I finish my first higher education, I will go to study psychology. And if I'm going to become a psychologist, then I have to cope with my own problems, otherwise how can I help other people? And because of this, I also have a fear that I will not be able to cope with this.
Speaker A: And you have an initially unrealistic expectation from yourself in this place, because there are no psychologists who would cope with everything themselves and would not have internal problems. That's not how it works. that you get rid of all internal conflicts and then bring it to the masses.
Speaker B: It seemed to me that they were more stable anyway.
Speaker A: In different ways. Well, any psychologist is also a person first of all.
Speaker B: In general, I want it all to just go away already.
Speaker A: Then you have to assume that you are an ordinary person. This thought somehow really does not want to settle inside you.
Speaker B: Then I'll go to the subway now and close my eyes so I don't see them all. These cars and Louis Vuitton and everyone in the world. I don't know what to say.
Speaker A: And how do you like the idea that I am also an ordinary person?
Speaker B: Well, it's fine.
Speaker A: And the fact that people on BMW are ordinary people?
Speaker B: Well, I can't perceive them as ordinary people, because they have what I dream about. Well, in principle, I can't perceive you as an ordinary person either, because... I am.
Speaker A: I also thought you were lying. Why?
Speaker B: Because you shoot here in the studio, you work as a psychologist. Surely you wanted it, and you did it.
Speaker A: You know, I shot the last video a year ago. After that, I couldn't shoot for a year. for internal reasons. And I went to this, I don't know, from week to week, trying to get closer to the fulfillment of this dream. I understand that from the outside it may look different, but inside we are all living people. Yes, we're shooting today, but it's a long way, long days. I really want to support you. You are very good at demanding something from yourself. constantly. It seems that you are very bad at supporting yourself.
Speaker B: How to learn something? I don't know how, I think.
Speaker A: I understand. In general, that's exactly what I'm trying to do in this meeting today, if you noticed. I am trying to reflect to you, I am trying to show you that what you are doing is a lot, that what you are coping with is difficult, that the steps you are taking are not easy.
Speaker B: It seems all the time that when people talk about my achievements like that, they just calm me down. When people come to me for training, I ask, well, how do you like it in general? And they say, if super, I have an immediate reaction, come on. You all say that.
Speaker A: What if, I don't know, some part of what people tell you is true? What if we assume that what I have told you is not to calm you down, but to support you, and I sincerely think so? What if I believed it for even a second?
Speaker B: I think it's easier for me to accept criticism so that they don't criticize. And when they praise... It seems unreasonable all the time.
Speaker A: You have said many times that you are looking for peace of mind. And so I think, I conduct mental experiments like this and I think that if you believed at least a little, at least for a while that you really are, that everything is fine with you, then it would be very calm, very relaxed in this place. This is not a call for you to do it urgently. It's a fantasy of how it could be.
Speaker B: Well, yes, it would be good, probably.
Speaker A: But for some reason this does not happen.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Why? Do you have any answers to this question?
Speaker B: I don't know. When I finished swimming, after that, so to speak, my physical condition deteriorated. Reveal the secret on camera. I've gained plus 10 kilograms, and all this time I can't throw them off, because, well, I don't know, maybe everything is pressing on me, and I can't just relax and do it.
Speaker A: I think there is some contradiction in the wording "I can't just relax and do this." You either relax or you do something. My feeling is that you want to do something without relaxing. that you are in constant mobilization of some kind, in constant tension, and you are trying to do something out of this tension, but, apparently, it no longer works that way, and the body begins to demand rest, which does not happen.
Speaker B: Well, not exactly rest, but how much... Breaks. I don't know. The fact that I can't even lose weight is also some kind of defeat. And I'm even ashamed of it. I haven't been home for about a year. And one of the reasons I'm not going is that my parents will see me again in this state.
Speaker A: And what will they say?
Speaker B: They won't say anything, but I want to hear from them. Wow, Masha, you're finally skinny again.
Speaker A: Do they praise you?
Speaker B: Well, yes, yes, praise. Especially when I tried myself in journalism, even my mother began to praise me. She usually compares me. Well, not directly comparing, but talking about the achievements of the children of her friends. And I like it a little bit somehow... Sometimes it even upsets. For some reason, I can't be happy with these children. It upsets me that Mom can't tell me. Just, Masha, how are you doing? Ok? Yes, you're generally a good girl, since it's good. She always asks a question already in advance, as if she is reproaching me for something. For example, if I have a day off today, it's Sunday, let's say she asks me, what, not at work today? I say no. I worked 6 days a week. She says, and what, me too.
Speaker A: It's kind of a shame.
Speaker B: Well, yes. Well, she relies a little on what she sees from her friends, acquaintances there all. Here. She herself, apparently, does not really know what she wants. And sometimes she praises me and says I'm proud of you. And sometimes, well, what... There, Masha, maybe you can find another job? Maybe you should climb somewhere else? I'm thinking, where else should I climb? I don't know anymore. In a cage, maybe? In a cage? To sit there. Well, where else can I climb? My nerves are already on edge. Where else should I climb? What kind of job? I don't understand. Well, it upsets me too.
Speaker A: Do I hear correctly that you are angry now?
Speaker B: Well, a little bit, yes, there is such a thing.
Speaker A: Can you try to formulate it, what do you believe in? Well, are you like Mom in this case?
Speaker B: Well, yes.
Speaker A: And how would that sound?
Speaker B: Well, why can't she accept that I also have some way, and I'm not just resting on Sunday, Well, anyway, for a week I'm striving to make this training plan for something. When I couldn't get to a certain category or title in sports, she also said, yes, it's all for nothing. Then I did it, she told everyone that Masha was a master of sports in swimming for me. And before that, it was very difficult for me to swim to it, because then I moved, well, left alone for another city at the age of 15, as if they emphasized this. It didn't work out for me the first time, and then I got used to it a little bit, relaxed and I did it. And then she said, Mash, well done.
Speaker A: In general, your inner voice is very similar to Mom's. On Mom's. Your inner attitude towards yourself, that's it. Fitting, valueless. Very similar to how you describe your interaction with us. Your interaction with us.
Speaker B: At first I said that I wanted to prove something to myself. Now I understand that I am not myself.
Speaker A: Did you understand this before? That's what we're talking about right now.
Speaker B: It used to seem to me that I wanted to prove something to someone else and to myself. Apparently, parents. Most likely so.
Speaker A: And what happens if you fail?
Speaker B: Apparently, until the end of my days I will be compared with the son of my mother's friend, as they say.
Speaker A: Which will always be a little more successful. Can you imagine how much peace and relaxation it is to lose, finally, to the son of my mother's friend and concede the championship?
Speaker B: I don't know, I don't feel like it, to be honest. I myself want to be the first, and not to give in to my mother's friend's son.
Speaker A: We formulated it so interestingly at some point that I don't want to spin around the center, but to become the center myself and do something for myself. And if you try to look at your life from this point, what would you like to do, abstracted from these achievements, what would you really like for yourself?
Speaker B: Well, I would still do what I'm doing now, just... I would probably focus only on myself, on my, first of all, inner state. And I still have something that I'm afraid to offend people, there, once again I'm afraid to ask something, clarify. Even when I wrote to you that I couldn't find an office, I was so slightly embarrassed that you were shooting here with another person, and I couldn't find an office.
Speaker A: And when I read your message, I thought about how I could have forgotten to send you more detailed instructions on where to go. And it's great that you decided on your own. Because it's not easy to find this studio. It's about the difference of views.
Speaker B: Well, we can't see the other side. Here you said that I do not know about your path to reach this point where you are now. It turns out that I have devalued you too. Your way. Apparently, it seems to me that everything just falls from the sky to people.
Speaker A: Louis Vuitton bags.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And BMW keys on your finger.
Speaker B: Probably, the final point of this whole conversation should be that I will come out full of consciousness, catch Zen and will not react to everything like that anymore, but I think that... Ambitious. I think I'm going out now, and nothing will change yet, because it also takes time.
Speaker A: These are very important words.
Speaker B: So much time has already passed, two years. And I didn't lose weight, I didn't do anything.
Speaker A: And it doesn't make you worse? I think we're running out of time. And it would be great to sum up some kind of result, despite the fact that you do not leave in Zen. How would you describe the meaning of today's meeting for yourself?
Speaker B: I probably need to reconsider my whole past life a little bit and the path that I have gone through, although I don't even really want to believe that I have done anything at all in this life here at my house is this crust of a master of sports and I understand that it is so meaningless now because she doesn't even mean anything to me, much less to anyone. These masters of sports, Lord, are assigned 10 people from one region every month. And how many regions do we have?
Speaker A: And from the good?
Speaker B: Well, the good thing is that you listened to me. Well, they said, in principle, that I'm not very... Not as bad as I think to myself.
Speaker A: Do you believe me?
Speaker B: Well, I want to believe. I don't know yet. You're a person, so to speak, from the outside, and when they tell everything like this, then, perhaps, it looks like I'm really good. And for me, somehow I do not know. I don't know. When you dive into it all, you don't notice it.
Speaker A: We'll have to put a period or comma on this.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker A: There is such an important thing that, and you have heard it, that we all come from childhood. And the attitude that we have towards ourselves as adults, it also comes from childhood. The way our parents treat us, what they tell us, the formulations that we hear, they become our inner words, our inner voices. And if there are a lot of demands, but little support, then we learn to criticize ourselves very well. but not to praise. And this causes some discomfort in adulthood, in the future life. And, in general, my hypothesis in this consultation was that I was trying to show the client a voice of support, share a voice, warmth and try to show that there is a second side, that in addition to where it is not possible to do something, there is something that a person copes with. I hope something worked out. How to stop pulling and criticizing yourself, how to stop being superhuman, I don't think there is a recipe for how to do it. I think this is a difficult and slow process, because in fact you need to learn to sound a little different inside yourself. These thoughts that you are not superhuman, she is very sad. After all, this is connected with some kind of collapse, in fact, of identity. Identity can be built on the fact that I always cope with everything, that I have to be perfect in everything. and rich, and beautiful, and without extra pounds, but it's always a carrot that's somewhere ahead. And the idea that you are a living, real person, in general, I think it causes quite a lot of tears. Quite a lot of tears and in general, well, in fact, it's a loss. It's the loss of some self that I can never become. an image of myself that I can never become. And I think that this is even more difficult than a conflict with parents and than the destruction of some, unjustifiable parental expectations. I think that one's own attitude towards oneself in this place is much more difficult to digest than with someone from those who instilled these requirements in us. Here I would answer like this.