Speaker B: Probably a risk. First, the risk is presented. And I was just thinking today, too, I think that this is just the same risk. It's some such feelings that are rising. Unusual for me, not that unusual, it's about vulnerability, about my personal, yes, again, presenting my vulnerable part and about some kind of new experience, because I have experience of personal therapy in a group and experience of group therapy, yes, but I haven't had such a format yet. Plus, it turns out to be a training session, which will then be disassembled. Well, somehow I'm interested in participating in this. Therefore, when I saw your ad, I want to try this right away.
Speaker A: And what would you... You say that you would like to take a risk and would like to be presented. If you imagine that there is a point A and a point B, then what would you like to get for yourself thanks to this presentation of yourself and this entry into risk?
Speaker B: We need to think about it. It just doesn't occur to me right away what I would like to get. Probably, this is some kind of experience, probably just like media.
Speaker A: So you would like several thousand people to look at you?
Speaker B: I think so.
Speaker A: Why?
Speaker B: Yes, it rises right away, I feel it. What for? Because I still have such a dream, probably, it is to be a media person, including a media psychologist. And yes, now it somehow turns out that way, it builds up in my head that this is exactly why I was talking about risk and about experience, yes, this is just such a small approximation to my goal. How does it feel at all to have several thousand people watching there, perhaps experiencing some feelings, yes, in response to my reactions there, to my work, including with you, yes. now the excitement is rising so much because at the moment I work as a psychologist, yes, but somehow it's still more such a narrow circle of people knows me, a narrow circle of people where I am presented, and probably this risk is here.
Speaker A: Did I hear correctly, correct, if I'm wrong, that you partly perceive this opportunity, this consultation of ours, as such an opportunity, including, well, somehow, I don't know, to recruit clients for yourself, to recruit subscribers for yourself, well, to gain some kind of media thanks to our consultation in particular?
Speaker B: Yes, I think it's possible.
Speaker A: What would you like to show? What impression would you like to make on the audience?
Speaker B: How deeply I didn't even think about it because it really was so spontaneous and such deep questions that I wanted to show You Know, oddly enough, here it comes to me now that just to show that I am first of all a person with my feelings, with my experiences, unrest, yes, and they also have a place to be. That's it... Some kind of, well, to present yourself again, presenting yourself to the real one. the human part, not only the professional part, which I broadcast somewhere on the websites of psychologists or in social networks, I most often broadcast my professional part, well, this is some of my personal part as well.
Speaker A: What would your request sound like? I hear some kind of, I don't know, external expectation from the meeting. But we work with some kind of inner feeling. We can move somewhere in your inner world. And that's how it could be reformulated, maybe into an internal need? Are you worried now? Can you tell me about it? How does it sound inside?
Speaker B: I have a tremor rising in my chest, here is the area of the heart, such excitement. And somehow even such a transitive state, as if if you put a little more pressure, somewhere there in some such painful story to go, if, then maybe even tears will go. But from what, I don't know yet, but it's very exciting. I just thought, just when you were talking about this one, about your internal request, I think, why am I at all, what am I doing? Because it was somehow so spontaneous, yes, and, probably, you know, such a moment rises, as if... Well, as if to prove to everyone, or to show everyone what I am inside.
Speaker A: What are you like? What kind of self do you want to show to others?
Speaker B: Even now, tears are rising. I wanted to show myself oddly enough not.
Speaker A: Flawed is such a strong word yes I have.
Speaker B: Now the tears are rising, it stops so-so Well, yes, this is some kind of internal request, because all my life I have been in search of myself, misunderstanding what I am, who I am, because the people who surrounded me somehow gave it to me all the time, broadcast such feedback about me that, well, roughly speaking, I'm not really capable of anything there, I can't do anything. too sensitive, well, that is, whiny, somehow unsuited to life. And here are many, many things that I myself have believed in for a very long time and with whom I have lived for a long time. Exciting.
Speaker A: Take your time. Let it happen.
Speaker B: It appears and just the same experience of personal therapy gave me another opportunity to see myself first and feel different.
Speaker A: Okay, that's fine. We have no task to run somewhere and urgently cope with our excitement. I understand everything.
Speaker B: Now the feeling of shame is still rising. Somehow the excitement goes away a little bit according to the feelings. And here is this feeling of shame, first of all there in front of you, that somehow here... It's as if there's some kind of use of this opportunity to somehow present yourself or do something else with it. Well, somehow it's so embarrassing. It is also impossible. Well, there is still some kind of shame, even such fantasies, probably not that shame, but some fantasies about the fact that my relatives can also say that, like, here you are, ay-yay-yay, you take and tell about all your childhood there or about my life, but we were next to you, right? That is, you and as if in this way, as if you want to defame us. I had that.
Speaker A: But they can really say that, I suppose.
Speaker B: Yes, I've already been told. When I shared my experiences there about my feelings as a child, I had a response that I was a disgrace to our whole family. First of all, I'm a disgrace to my parents.
Speaker A: Anastasia, can you tell me directly that you came here to take advantage of my channel's media. Now the Internet is a little bit stupid. So, everything is back.
Speaker B: It's not necessary to say this. And ashamed too, yes. I came here to take advantage of the media or somehow wait now, I'm even confusing the words from me, I came here to your channel to take advantage of the opportunity to become your media.
Speaker A: The opportunity and what do you feel now when you say it is a shame.
Speaker B: I don't know maybe it's just the same, well, I don't know that it's embarrassing, probably it's also some part of the shame there when you want to hide and hide like that and generally say everything is fine there, let's close this topic somehow now, Let's forget about it.
Speaker A: Would you like to know my opinion?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: Can you try to formulate a question? I mean, what would it be important for you to know from my side?
Speaker B: Mark, how do you like my openness and honesty in what I say about media and about the opportunity to become popular? How do you feel about this? Because, it turns out, I'm using your opportunity, your channel.
Speaker A: I'm fine. I would do the same. You say that you want to somehow manifest yourself more, that you want to have more, I don't know, more audience, more media. And this is directly related to expansion. After all, this is directly related to the fact that I take a step and take something for myself. And it is impossible for this to happen without some kind of, I don't know, without an act of aggression in a good way. In that sense, well, okay.
Speaker B: Well, yes, it's quite aggressive. I understand it now, yes. And, again, for me, when they said about aggression, I understand that this is a new form of aggression for me. which I have been thinking about for a long time how I could apply it in a positive way, that is, not to destroy my life or relationships, relationships with others, but still use it outside because there is excitement according to my personal feelings, I have quite a lot of energy and I even have some fantasies, ideas, organizations there something big, large-scale, well, something like that. And I haven't been able to find the form yet. Well, maybe I haven't really done it yet. There were some attempts to find a form, to do something, but, so to speak, either there were unsuccessful attempts, or there were some spontaneous attempts, but successful, which, again, did not bring me... That is, I just, if we talk about a spontaneous attempt, it was not the goal to make money, that is, financially. earnings. Here, but I've seen again that people respond if it's something so interesting, if it excites other people, and they go very easily. It is clear that not everyone, but someone responds and easily follows me, including because of this idea.
Speaker A: One second, I'll check my internet connection, because my sound is good, and the picture is a little not so good. And I have a question for you. Everything seems to be fine on my part, but I'm not sure. And my question is this. And if you had a little more courage, if you took some professional steps a little easier, what would you do?
Speaker B: I was also thinking about this today. Most likely, I would start presenting myself more somewhere, either in some communities, or it could be some kind of lecture material, there is a speech somewhere among volunteer organizations when lectures or something else are required, some group classes. That's something like that. Some such moments. Or maybe something about conducting some free master classes, free lectures, including for the target audience. Or at least an audience that will be interested.
Speaker A: I want to check with you again from this place how your request could sound. We somehow got a little deeper. I'll duplicate it.
Speaker B: Should I say it now, yes?
Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes, I mean, how would your request sound from this point.
Speaker B: I'll think about it.
Speaker A: Are you worried again?
Speaker B: Yes, I still have thoughts here in parallel about my strategy to take advantage of this opportunity here, so to speak, the risk that I take myself openly. That is, again, this is about me and about my familiar strategies, when I am not risking myself, but through someone, so to speak, or I am presented through someone. And this is something new and really risky for me, but then if it's about the request, then how do I start taking risks and presenting myself? Or not to be afraid, it is necessary to formulate something here.
Speaker A: Right now are you being presented, taking a risk, or are you not being presented and not taking a risk? According to your feelings?
Speaker B: For some reason, not anymore. There is no such feeling anymore. Somehow, you probably know why? Because I didn't hear any condemnation from you. It seems to me that some sense of trust arises in you, in the session. Therefore, somehow I'm talking about the risk now...
Speaker A: So you don't feel at risk when you are not told that you are doing something bad? I'm trying to understand how this mechanism works.
Speaker B: Yes, it turns out that way. Yes, that's right. If I do something that is risky for myself, then it can be very scary for me. It's scary that they will be judged, not accepted, somehow accused or something else will happen. And it's so interesting that lately I've been broadcasting such difficult topics on social networks. In their social networks, I mean. About myself, I mean just. it's interesting as if I want to get permission, it looks like it could be.
Speaker A: The connection is completely broken, I'll try to switch to another network like this now it will take literally a few seconds because it's difficult Are you there?
Speaker B: I also switched another connection.
Speaker A: Let's try this. Until it got better.
Speaker B: And now?
Speaker A: It probably has. But it's over time, it's in waves. It gets better, then worse. Well, nothing. We are close to the real word.
Speaker B: Yes. So, you know, I have some kind of understanding now that I'm really waiting for this permission to show up and take risks, and do something of my own, something, well, or it's not necessarily my own in the sense that something is there for me belonging, maybe now I am incorrectly expressing my initiative here is my presentation of my activity somehow, as if you know, I have a feeling that I am waiting all the time if I somehow show something there, as if I am waiting for some kind of punishment And there is none.
Speaker A: And when you told at the beginning that somehow you were not very encouraged, but rather condemned, then who were you talking about? About the parent family? Yes. And how was it?
Speaker B: How was it? My parents were very busy and we lived in the village. There were a lot of other household chores that needed to be done. There are beds, a vegetable garden, firewood, water. All this needs to be brought into the house. Cooking or, for example, cleaning the house there. And that's why part of the responsibilities lay with us, including me and my sister. And it was as if there was no place for my desires and my interests all the time. and it was only, for example, somehow... Well, I had a lot of worries there because of this, I was crying somewhere, whimpering somewhere, yes, and then I heard in my address that, well, roughly speaking, you're whining something there, you're somehow sour again, a lot of things, go do it. Weeding three beds there. to wash the house, dishes, carry firewood, for example. That is, as if there was no place for yourself.
Speaker A: What age are you talking about now?
Speaker B: So, well, this is the age of about 7 years to adolescence. It doesn't mean we didn't play, we played a lot, I remember. I had a lot of such toys and toys that I myself came up with something there, so there was this and this part there were a lot of some responsibilities, plus I'm an older sister and somehow I remember that I always had this thought, I already I don't remember my mom broadcasting it to me, yes, when we grew up, but it was still like I was watching my younger sister, keeping an eye on her. And she was protecting her there somewhere. I've always been under control. Of mine. although we have a small age difference of only a year, but somehow I felt so much older and grown up when I would have to look after her there, including so that nothing happens to feed her if she is suddenly hungry there to cook herself even if, again, there is no ready-made food at home.
Speaker A: I don't quite understand yet. You talk about rural childhood, and I don't quite see, I don't quite understand what was connected with the depreciation there.
Speaker B: Yes, I walked away from it, probably from the experiences just. There was just a lot of devaluation, that devaluation is rather my feelings here, not even some kind of activity, initiative, namely feelings. That I'm whimpering, crying and, as they called me, always suffering. that I'm always whining, always dissatisfied with life, I don't like everything, well, somehow this is it.
Speaker A: You just exhaled so much, as if you had met with something difficult. Can you tell me about it?
Speaker B: Well, it's like this, well, I hear a voice, as if this parent's voice tells me so, and I find it difficult to hear it, because it somehow offends me. It's a shame that they don't notice me and my feelings, my desires, my experiences. And I really felt most of my life that I was born somehow not like that, well, that is, not adapted. Well, they still work there and do something, and they live happily there, and I'm kind of unhappy with all this. That I have a mom, dad and sister, and in general we lived quite well, so to speak, after perestroika during this period. Quite well off in the village, then we moved to the city when I was already a teenager. There are a lot of feelings that I am somehow not like that, not adapted.
Speaker A: As if the right and adjusted person should not suffer, but do the job.
Speaker B: Yes, yes, well, because that's how everyone lived. My parents lived like that, yes, their parents lived like that there, because everyone lived in the village, that is, we came from the village, that is, my relatives, my family.
Speaker A: And how is your life today? Well, somehow how do you live. Because, like this, he looks quite normal behind your back. Interesting.
Speaker B: I lived very well until spring. And secured. And she was married. We lived in a relationship with my husband for 11 years. Oh, now even tears will go. Well, a few months ago we decided to separate. And... we... Well, they lived very well. Well, I won't say that I am in distress now, but I am very well off. We have an apartment there in the city center, travel several times a year, free shopping in the store, whatever you want. Well, practically, of course, there and... it's completely out of my head to go and buy something for a few million, well, what I want, in principle, we bought household items there, household appliances, some products, and there's my husband and now, that is, we are still officially married, he moved to another city, and now he provides for us, me and the child. Somehow my tears are rising like this now. Well, I'm already missing the amount he gives us, yes, I'm already missing, although it's not a small amount. And then a lot of fear rises up for me. What's next? Because I really want to maintain the level in which I lived. How to say, but I do not agree to anything less. And I don't know how to do it yet.
Speaker A: Can I assume that our meeting today was initially dictated by your desire to somehow return to the starting positions?
Speaker B: Well, yes. In order to provide us with a comfortable standard of living with our son. Comfortable is the same...
Speaker A: While you lived, worked somewhere, did you do something that brought income?
Speaker B: Now I will tell you in a nutshell so that there is understanding. Yes, it turns out my son is now four and a half. For three years I stayed at home with my child and worked as a psychologist, but I didn't have many clients. And a year ago I went to work from a decree in a car dealership. for a leadership position, but somehow it was very difficult for me to combine private practice, working in a salon from nine to six, studying at two institutes, there supervision, personal therapy, interventionism, yes, this is also an important part of our training. in January of this year, I left the car dealership, that is, I worked there for a short time, well, I left completely to devote more time to practice, training and the like. Here. And in general, everything was not bad, because I assumed that we would continue to be married with my husband. That is, I always had a financially stable support, And there were no worries.
Speaker A: Did your divorce come as a surprise to you?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: So there wasn't any, nothing foreshadowed?
Speaker B: Well, for me it was like that. Because for many years we, well, including me, rather even me, first together, then I separately, we tried to improve our relationship. to keep the relationship and for me it was completely unexpected because back in December of last year, 22 22 years, we had a great rest together at sea with the whole family and in January he also said that he wanted to stop But then somehow reconciled, as if I had convinced him of something else, but it didn't last long, for a month, because in February the husband repeatedly said that he wanted to end the relationship. I didn't think that I would cry about it, because My healthy, so to speak, part or the conscious part, I understand that this was the best decision for both of us, because the relationship had already reached such a dead end and it was impossible to stay together. Although... I think I loved to the last. Maybe even now somewhere. But somehow we couldn't find a common ground. It was already very difficult for us together.
Speaker A: It's a loss anyway. In any case, this is a difficult period. And in any case, there are opposite feelings. At the same time, yes, I just wanted to say that I also feel that, on the one hand, you are talking about a difficult period of time, I want to say that I sympathize with you, on the other hand, I have a feeling that you are coping on the whole, that on the whole you they are stable enough that you continue to look somewhere into the future, that you continue to take some steps, that you have not disintegrated into atoms, that you preserve yourself.
Speaker B: Well, it is, yes. I mostly feel quite so collected. well, it's really not disassembled into atoms, but assembled and holistic because even with all my situation, I can lead clients, consultations, and I usually have people come to long-term therapy, that is, it's not just one session there and left, well, the format of advisory work and therapeutic work still differs. They told me when it got easier.
Speaker A: Do you know how many clients you need for a comfortable life?
Speaker B: Yes, I did.
Speaker A: I'm not surprised, so I'm asking. I'm not asking so as not to put you in an awkward position, but how many customers do you still need to those that are?
Speaker B: To those that are. It's just still summer, many have fled. Somewhere, probably, from ten to fifteen.
Speaker A: Total?
Speaker B: No, plus, plus.
Speaker A: Ten to fifteen a week?
Speaker B: Yes, not on the day. Plus. I'm not ready for the day.
Speaker A: You definitely wouldn't look like that. 15-20 people a day. And how many customers do you have on average now?
Speaker B: I have about 5 right now. Scattered, yes, summer.
Speaker A: So, in general, the normal figure is that 15-20 weeks would be comfortable for you to live.
Speaker B: Yes, I think so.
Speaker A: Do you have an understanding of what needs to be done for this?
Speaker B: While I'm probing different possibilities, there is no clear understanding, because I tried to go both ways, and so, and so, and to say that I specifically have some way to work, no. It's amazing how people come to me in general. Well, that is, this is a separate story.
Speaker A: And how do they come? Well, I mean, what is your main sales channel, I don't want to say, but what is the main place of attraction?
Speaker B: So they're from everywhere on the sly. I have several social networks, including the site of psychologists, which is well-known in Russia. And to me from everywhere, for example, from there, from there, from there 2-3 people. And lately I've been working as a recommendation. Last years 2-2.5.
Speaker A: You started working actively only this year, right? You said you left the dealership.
Speaker B: It turns out that I left the dealership and we started a stage, a breakup of relations, so somehow I can't say that he is directly active. It takes a lot of effort to experience after all. She left, now less.
Speaker A: So you have been on such a completely free voyage for several months?
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And do you already have any plus or minus stable clients?
Speaker B: They've been around for three years of my practice. These are different people, but somehow here... True, they come and stay, and stay with me for a long time. And somehow it makes me feel good and happy.
Speaker A: I'm certainly unappreciated, but I think you're going well.
Speaker B: You're saying that now, and it seems to me too... Now the Internet has become worse. I understood that you... ...now all my stories, so to speak, are practically in the city. Something must have happened to the Internet.
Speaker A: Yes, yes, yes, it will recover now. Just at that moment, where you were talking about how somehow everything seems to be fine, you began to slow down. Say something.
Speaker B: It's not bad. It's ringing again now.
Speaker A: What is it?
Speaker B: Do you hear?
Speaker A: I'm going to switch again now. Beep when you start to hear me. Hello, hello.
Speaker B: Okay, I hear you. I hear, I see. Okay, I see.
Speaker A: In general, we have two minutes left. And, in my opinion, we passed somehow... despite all the communication obstacles that we had. Share your impressions.
Speaker B: Impressions. I am so happy now that we have reached my resource part. I really feel it, this collected part, the energetic part and stable. which I somehow manage to protect and probably live and develop thanks to it, so it was completely unexpected for me that we would go to the first part of our conversation there about strategy, this is through someone to somehow try to become famous and appear to this world, but I am grateful to you, Mark, for understanding and for the fact that there was no such condemnation, which I was very much afraid of. You are welcome. And for the fact that you and I managed to reach such a logical end, such a final, but at the same time invigorating for me.
Speaker A: Unexpectedly. Yes, yes, I am also happy about how the session went. And it turned out to be an interesting way.
Speaker B: The way is really interesting, yes. What happened before that? I had confidence in you, that trust in the process, trust in your professionalism, that we would go somewhere. I didn't know and didn't understand where, but we'll go out somewhere.
Speaker A: Okay, let's finish. Good luck on your professional path.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker A: And happily.
Speaker B: Good luck and all the best to you. Goodbye.
Speaker A: You and I were left alone and my traditional closing word. The session, in my opinion, was really interesting and so very, very, very cool from a professional point of view in terms of these transitions from one place to another and how you can come to an unobvious result. My hypothesis, in general, was exactly the same as everything turned out. Well, I had a feeling that Anastasia came in a sense for the media. And it's good that somehow we were able to discuss this honestly and this is normal, in my opinion. when a person comes to some kind of open consultation, which will be examined by several thousand people with this desire, and can honestly say about it. But it was clear that under this there was some other need, some other expectation, and in general I set myself the task of coming to this. And we, in general, came to this, and it turned out well. You can see why I didn't ask about how Anastasia is going through it and about similar things. I didn't see the point. But she came for the media. She came in order to somehow gain a little more self-confidence. And I walked this rut. It is clear that if I started asking about the divorce, about some details, there would be more feelings, more reflection. But I didn't see the point in this, at this particular meeting. And it was clear that we were being held down in the frame of 50 minutes and the framework of an open consultation. Therefore, in general, I acted in the path in which it seemed to me right to act. That's probably all I wanted to say. And so, it's great when a person's psyche copes with crises so that he does not crumble into atoms, and all that is needed is some small support from the outside. I will finish with this. Let me remind you that I have two products, my analysis and the course "My Support", which you can purchase and read about them using the links in the description of the video. And also soon there will be a course "8 techniques of existential psychotherapy. I'm getting ready to record it. It will be quite inexpensive and, I hope, interesting and very practically useful. Therefore, in general, follow the announcements. See you next week.