Speaker B: Yes, there is. He was both offline and online. I didn't do psychotherapy systematically because I couldn't find my own specialist. Two offline meetings, they were kind of critical, roughly speaking, all on the same topic on which we will talk with you today. And offline several times, too, when I couldn't at all at all, I was completely lost, that is, I took a consultation, there was no connection for the future, but the consultation itself helped and right now I'm kind of trying to enter the system with a new specialist too.
Speaker A: So you are now in the process of starting a new round of psychotherapy?
Speaker B: Yes, yes, because now I have a separation with my spouse, I came with this request, as it were, while it hurts quickly, and then we will plan to try to get acquainted, get closer and work with me.
Speaker A: Okay. Well, then tell us about what brought you to such an unusual format and to me in general. And I understand your excitement, I see it. Whatever's going on here is normal. Try, as far as possible, to somehow relax in this process.
Speaker B: Yes, I'm even more worried about crying a lot, well, I want it not to hurt. Two points led me. First, the fact that there was a long event in my life, now a little later about it, and it still affects me very much, not to the same extent as before, but it does. And I want to work it out to the end, as it were. And the second point, it's just a situation in which I don't think, but I know that many people like me find themselves alone with this situation and well, they close up, they don't go to anyone for help, even to their loved ones and keep it a secret, and it's very difficult to live in the moment and then, as if coming out of this situations, as if it were not even more difficult to adapt back to life, so I want people to know that they are not alone, this happens to others and they went out for help, helped themselves with the involvement of people from outside, specialists or relatives. Well, in general, so that they could save themselves, save themselves, and so on. Here.
Speaker A: And I have a question at this point. Do you want to… do you want to help others or do you want to share your own pain? Because I thought there was another side to it.
Speaker B: Of course, of course, to share is a very big request of mine, that is, to share in general to show that this happened in my life and through this to help people just to seem that I am that they also are that this is happening they are not alone and you were alone, however, at the moment and now still knows very much about it there are few people and it turns out that as if this did not happen, this too.
Speaker A: Such a difficult moment, you have paper handkerchiefs and napkins somewhere at my fingertips.
Speaker B: There is a big nice T-shirt and yes, thank you for reminding me that I put handkerchiefs on myself OK, sorry, I'll make a little note in the margins right away. I am very strong, I am completely ready to go to any, to any depth, that is, I cry a lot because I live it actively, I don't want it to stay with me forever, but I go anywhere without fear, that is, everything is fine with me. Okay, accepted.
Speaker A: What would you see as the result of our meeting? Here we have 50 minutes, we can devote them to something. What would you like for yourself from this time? For myself personally.
Speaker B: Yes, yes, initially, literally even today, I thought it was about reducing my guilt about everything, which even I see as stupid, but I can't get away from this feeling of guilt. But now I understand that it is still more important for me right now to show all this, to talk about it, about what was happening to me inside. to share, to share, to pour out, because it still sits in me, I rarely talk about it and somehow expanded, here.
Speaker A: You rarely talk about it and decided to do it for an audience of thousands. Yes. If you have thoughts about how you might feel when other people listen to your story, there will probably be a lot of them.
Speaker B: Yes. There are thoughts, an accusation may sound, a certain amount, as they sounded in my life, and people who do not know me can also condemn me for some moments. Someone can be grateful, someone will express support. I'm ready for all this, I understand.
Speaker A: Okay, well, then I can't help but offer to tell you about the situation that has been with you for a long time.
Speaker B: I was married once, once again, let's call it that. That is, I'm in a breakup now, it turns out, but it's not about my new partner, but about the previous one. with whom we have been about five or six years, and the last year and a half of which I have been subjected to constant domestic psychological abuse, because he snarkomaniac, used it right every day, and of these year and a half, I didn't know about it for almost a year and a half, and he hid, Well, that is, I, of course, was already immersed And in general, I was completely lost, I didn't understand what was going on, but I didn't know either. That is, there was a turning point when he spoke about his addiction and stopped disguising himself and restraining himself altogether. And that is, for another 7 months it was a completely different stage, even more strange and, to be honest, destructive for me, because when everyone knows, roughly speaking, what is happening, And you see the splitting of a person's personality right in front of your eyes. It's just the death of his personality, there's no other way to call it, because the daily use of chemical drugs leads to absolutely one stream, and the person you know simply ceases to exist. At the same time, this new chemical man was fully applied, everything. That is, gaslighting, and accusations of treason, and that's it. That is, it got to such a point that I adjusted the volume of my breathing in general, so as not to draw attention to myself once again, so that something would not start again. And so far, of course, it's all aka.
Speaker A: And what did he use?
Speaker B: He used mephedrone. That is, the amphetamine started. and then quickly switched to mephedrone.
Speaker A: And I can't help but ask how for a year and a half you say you didn't suspect this?
Speaker B: Well, for about nine to ten months, a year and a half, that's all. Yes, and this, too, all adds up to the feeling of guilt that I still impose on myself, the feeling of guilt before myself that I am so, well, that is, I am so involved in relationships, always very seriously, thoughtfully, with more love and trust, and this is all for me, well, as if it was blurring, and that is, I didn't see anything, I didn't understand at all, well, yes, I couldn't, not that I couldn't make a puzzle. I didn't see these puzzle pieces that were all around, including even the smell from his clothes, constant, because through sweat it also comes out. And when he told me this moment, I started to spin it all in reverse order, realized that it was all around in incredible quantities. Which also tells me how you are so smart, so beautiful, allowed this to happen to yourself and for some reason I had to prevent a person from doing it.
Speaker A: Well, that is, like this, and how long have you been separated?
Speaker B: We broke up, I left it was also very difficult, I left at the beginning of 2020, that is, it still prevents me from living to a certain extent, and in the twenty-first year he died actually, well, for exactly the same reasons, the body just completely wore out, as you experienced it was very difficult, you're talking about his death it's difficult because, well, as I believe, I had certain obligations to inform people who are our mutual friends or something, to inform about his death. And then, bam! Surprise! And not to report that he was a drug addict, that I am after... Well, that is, I gave up life at some point. I realized that I just lost it all. I'm, like, just not coping. Well, I'll die and die already. That is, I developed a generalized anxiety disorder, I couldn't even get up at all, I didn't even have the strength. Because of what was happening inside, my body refused to live at all. And I couldn't talk about it, well, as I thought at that time, I couldn't say anything about it, yes, and from people I got "God, such a person! What happened? What kind of loss?" Well, do you imagine these dual feelings? And, of course, plus accusations from some of his friends, necessarily the most beloved alcoholic friend informed me that there at the funeral who was talking about me what he accused me of, that is, it was very difficult for me and you know what other moment, well, what is the difficulty so big that is, he died for me at that moment the second time it turns out, that is, he died before my eyes, and that was the difficulty when, especially there in the last few months, by some miracle Or by my recollections, it turned out two whole times, it was together with him, having agreed, to bring him to a psychiatrist-narcologist, to begin drug treatment, therapy. And he would come back to himself for a long time, and that was the most unbearable thing. That is, I had a feeling that my loved one was in a coma. And just like that, and in a couple of months he surfaced and talked to me for a few hours. That's the real him, the way he was. Then he falls into this coma again. And then I just saw that everything, that's the person I knew, who was close to me, he just died. He's gone. And then, after a while, when I already... tried, well, I didn't try, I lived, I learned to live independently, and in general anew, and how would he die completely. I won't say that I made plans that he would recover and we would be together again, no, but he still remained a close person to me, well, that is, I still have such a separation of the person with whom we spent a lot of good and important time for each other helped a lot in personal growth, yes and the other person for whom I was a victim, well, it's also very difficult that I don't mix it with me, I can't say that he's terrible, I hate him, well, I'll cross out everything that happened before that.
Speaker A: Somehow, can you tell us a little about him, well, about him, about him healthy, about him whom you loved.
Speaker B: Very smart, interested in literature, good music, and in general, IT is the beauty of a person, an IT specialist who, from my submission, identified through me and all sorts of things about psychology, there are analyses of himself and all that, an incredible aesthete, well, that is, a very smart person, very joking but not joking in the sense of a person with intelligence can not be bad I think I'm joking, but at the same time I'm very wounded, and here lies my sense of guilt that, as if because of me, he began to pick at himself and could not cope with it, refused, chose an easier way and went into drugs. But a person has been closing a lot inside himself since childhood, which resulted in his case even before our acquaintance and in derealization, in depersonalization, and that is, he has been constantly cooking in this since childhood and so we kind of met, yes, it began to unclench, he generally began to talk about it at least with me that is, he did not go to therapy or something like that, I offered periodically because it is better with a specialist, that is, but I did not pull it out of him, but he, well, there is such a depth, seriously, there is such a depth of some incredible energy receptivity, which has also been blocked since childhood. Well, a cool person.
Speaker A: You said at the beginning of your story that you feel guilty about yourself. And tell me, do you feel guilty about him?
Speaker B: Naturally. That, well, roughly speaking, it would be better if I didn't appear in his way at all, it would be better if he lived there in his blocks, well, like longer. And moreover, I deny all these thoughts for myself, but I can't get rid of them. And the feeling of guilt still lies in the fact that I was in love with him for a year and a half or loved him from afar, well, as from afar, that is, we communicated, were friends, thoughtfully and systematically captured him, but not with some gadgets, yes, that is, I deepened communication, revealed myself, revealed-revealed, but at some point it happened.
Speaker A: I mean, you somehow won him over, interested him.
Speaker B: Some Kind... Well, roughly speaking, yes, that is, I was deepening my friendship, at some point I spat on the fact that I wanted to be together with him, and just like, well, okay, we'll just be good friends, so we already communicated very well. But no, it led to the fact that he saw me like this, loved me. Well, it was a very bright, of course, a good union, but two, well, normally so, beaten people. But it seemed to me that we were moving forward, it was much slower, because I've been doing myself, picking at myself since childhood. And then, yes, I'm still wounded, bruised, well, roughly speaking. Inside, no one knows about this yet, what I am inside. And as a result, it came to this. It seems like it's all my fault.
Speaker A: I think it happens when two beaten people meet, they start warming each other up.
Speaker B: But at the same time, how painful and difficult it was for me to live these one and a half years and then it's terrible and so it's terrible everything doesn't fit with the fact that.
Speaker A: It was before I'm sorry to you, are you like now?
Speaker B: Tolerable. And let me add a cherry on the cake. I have bipolar effective disorder, which, as you know, adds color to this whole story with an incredible amount.
Speaker A: And how did it add or add color to this story?
Speaker B: So, let's say I didn't officially know, didn't understand what was happening to me. That is, because of this violence that was happening, I went to a psychiatrist with an anxiety disorder when I couldn't move at all. And about seven months later, after I left him, began to live on my own, I entered the next phase of hypomania in my case. And on the third day without sleep and high productivity, I began to guess something, went to a psychiatrist. We investigated the whole thing, this diagnosis, let's say, was approved, we started treatment and I realized that this has been the case with me since the age of 13 and, accordingly, I still have a very fast phase change, including in acute moments, and it can happen several times a day right here from the terminal to the terminal stage to scatter.
Speaker A: I sigh, imagining how difficult it is.
Speaker B: Very difficult. It wasn't easy for me without these drug adventures. And, accordingly, I had a depressive episode for almost a year, even before he started using drugs. it almost shook our relationship, but eventually brought it to a deeper level. Classically, I didn't really feel hypomania, because I was highly productive during these periods, it was wonderful, because life played with colors, I had time to do a lot, plan, of course. And it just worsened everything, that is, the frequency, the phase changes, it just accelerated and naturally I got out of it through a depressive period, that is, I was dumped by an anxiety disorder, exhaustion is complete in general and and this is another yes point on which I subsequently worked and continue to work very difficult very difficult.
Speaker A: And you have medical support.
Speaker B: Since he accompanies yes, yes, I have an accompanying psychiatrist now we are really in different cities and moved in the fall, but I have rebuilt very much during this time, actually after that marriage I was already addicted there, but now I have a completely different type of nutrition, in general, the relationship with the body, which, as you can guess, is very it also helps a lot in living with my bipolar feature. It's all getting easier. And I mean, I have support at a distance, and we are in touch online, if I have any problems, that is, medically. That is, I don't always even take medication, I take care of myself so much that even for six months I didn't take anything at all, and so in difficult periods I had up to four prescriptions of different drugs on my hands, well, that is, in general from any side, that is, I constantly took two additional ones, so that if what, on either side, to stop if my constant therapy is not enough.
Speaker A: Well done.
Speaker B: Yes, thank you. This, by the way, is my hidden request yet.
Speaker A: Which one?
Speaker B: Well, being recognized from the outside that I'm a good guy, that I got out of this, got out, I'm getting out and I'm not getting used to it anymore, but I'm living. For the first, probably, a year and a half, I just survived. Outwardly, confidently, it was absolutely not read.
Speaker A: I think that, of course, in this desire, as you have voiced it several times, that you want to convey something to others. There is certainly a lot of altruism in this, but there is also a desire for someone to hug and say that you are doing everything right. I would like to take a little step aside. I want to ask about your current situation, because you started by saying that you are in the process of divorce. And so far it is absolutely such an incognito. Tell us a few words about this process and about these relationships.
Speaker B: It was another great relationship, short, unexpectedly short.
Speaker A: A couple of years, even less than a year now.
Speaker B: Right a year and well, that is, at the moment I just feel that it was, roughly speaking, like such a final stage of liberation from the every-second oppression of anxiety over me, that is, through this relationship, I was cured of the biggest burden with the help of my spouse, we remained in good and close relations, but he is younger than me by 11.5 years, but he's very interesting.
Speaker A: How old are you?
Speaker B: I'm 35. And I turned 24 in July, yes. How amazing! This is a highly intelligent, introverted person, very badly injured, who has never worked with this, and so on. It is clear that I am being ironic at myself, but this is a very good, strong, deep relationship, where we helped each other in many moments. This is a strong friendship, I think, as if this connection would remain in any case, we did not break it, but the spouse and the spouse became the initiator, actually, as if from his formulations, it is difficult for him to bear responsibility for someone not only for himself at the moment, he feels it like well, what exactly is pressing on him that there is no there's never anything he could handle with himself now, and he has such a stage of life and all these external circumstances have come to this stage of life, and that is, and so he took this step, he immediately left the country, He is a very depressed person. We picked at each other amicably, but very carefully and profitably, as one can judge in fact. We have grown up this year, both of us, each in his own way. It hurts that it is abrupt, sudden, but, as always, I understand everyone. and there is a slight sense of guilt that well, maybe I didn't have to be one hundred percent myself, then maybe there wouldn't have been this relationship, well, that's exactly what it might have been an affair, and it wouldn't have hurt me so much right now, it was well, there wasn't such a serious cat badge before this relationship here something like that.
Speaker A: I think that yes, indeed, these two relationships are similar, they are similar than that, well, as if you choose partners I don't know whom you then bring up. It's not a good word, but... I know.
Speaker B: Showing what life is different, la-la-la. Yes, over the past three weeks, of course, I have already consciously come to this, to an understanding, I have gone through all my important partners. As if there were not so many of them in general, here are four. And all these patterns, yes, I deduced. I'll carry it on... I hope now for my constant psychotherapy, but in any case they were all different anyway, these relationships despite some very similar basic occurrences, let's say, but again, yes, the person we were with right now if in that situation the husband was older than me, yes, in this situation I am older, that is, how it's like this mirror acting, well, because I had a lot of gratitude to him, as well as to the older person, because he saturated me with such information that I didn't use because of my age, because I didn't have time, well, banal, yes, for example, I can't cover everything, I had less time to get to know this world, yes, and in turn, I also shared it with my spouse, with whom we have now parted, And he brought me a lot, and he, compared to the previous spouse, is much more developed and adapted in his 20s. Right even 22 he was still when we connected. That is, he is already more open to the world, more ready to accept his own things. He's more developed right away at that age. That is, all the same, of course, there are changes, but more on these rakes. That is, even before the work on childhood injuries has begun, I am still not ready to enter into partnership with such a person in the next 15 years. Only with those who are already doing something about it.
Speaker A: It would be nice if... Our decisions have always been translated into reality. I have a question. If we assume that the format of the relationship that you reproduce is in some sense a reflection of the experience that you had to go through, and its reproduction, then what kind of experience in your past taught you to save someone?
Speaker B: Well, in general, I call myself fatherless, well, that is, with my father's history, I have so-so in my life. To save, I do not know, maybe, you know, there is a feeling that since I have not saved or protected myself for a long time, and when I started doing it, it again may be because of a sense of guilt in front of myself, this is the desire of as many people as possible, at least by myself. an example is to somehow help to be closer to yourself more honestly and try to remove things from the past in your life so that they do not stop.
Speaker A: Influence your life tell us about your childhood, please, about what kind of family you had, what kind of relationship you had with your parents, parents among themselves as much as possible.
Speaker B: Yes, by the way, this is a very cool thing. I am the daughter of an alcoholic. I also had problems with alcohol. Well, maybe you can say that they are, but I don't communicate with him anymore, and I'm not in denial, but I kind of, I don't want to. I absolutely didn't like it anymore, although I didn't really like it before. I have a wonderful mother, the most incredible, we have a super-close relationship, which became so in my nineteen. That is, we have had such a two-stage communication, roughly speaking, for our entire life, yes, and in the state we are in now, since my nineteen years. An incredible woman, and I'm, well, just lucky that she gave birth to me, because, yes, with these mine... In general, with all my data... I am very smart, extremely talented, very creative, but also very closed inside because of this. Well, not because of this, no, but it's closed, apparently, simply because only the mother's support, apparently, is really not enough to pass some kind of formation. Father... My God, what a horror! My father, before he started drinking, began drinking almost immediately after the army, he was a very intelligent, developed person. My father has already died, died of a drunkard. Mom left him when I was 8-10 years old. I am not very familiar with the time spaces of the previous ones. Well, that is, I also saw his women, whom he took home when mom was at work, yes, these constant drunkenness, but in general I don't have any kind of bad attitude to this, I only had one moment of a fuse, that's right for me, and I'm with him, well, how would I work, I actually before I started working with you on this topic, yes, on the subject of my father, I generally refused to call him anything. Well, I mean, I hated him. But this hatred started from exactly one moment. He moved out when he moved out of Mom's. There was also such an agreement. Mom agreed that you leave the apartment, because I have a child, I have to raise him. Sort of take whatever you want. And the joke is that he even took my bed, on which I was sleeping at that moment. But this is not me at all... well, in my understanding, as I try to remember, that is, I did not hurt, that is, I did not worry about this divorce, I did not feel guilty about it, well, what is it, because, well, I was offended for my mother, yes, I already didn't like it all, but there wasn't some kind of rejection, well, that's my dad, that I, like, love him, I love the little one, but for some reason I went there that's where he lived with his new woman and her my daughter and I don't remember until the end, I can only say that I was formed as memories, or I heard him call her there with some kind of affectionate long name, well, there's like if roughly speaking she's Nastya there nastyushina what is it and I have this stuck, well, what about me, well, I am. I'm right here right now. And where is Alyonushka? Where is my sweet princess? Naturally, I'm not sure if I've heard anything like that at all, but I can't find it in my memory. In addition to the wonderful trauma of this domestic violence, I understand that, in general, I go through the feeling all the time that I need to deserve love, that it's not enough for me just to be loved. And this is generally a feeling of undeserving somehow to live well, or something, to manifest itself at all. And then it started that I had my own classmates, they beat me there and there after school, they bullied me, I don't know, because I'm smart and fat with glasses, that at a small age before puberty we still need something for entertainment, then, of course, besides the fact that I was lucky with my mother, I was lucky to get into the creative sphere around the age of 12-13, in KVN, that is, here my life completely changed. But even there I was always on the sidelines, on the sidelines, but at the same time, like, well, not like, be friends, well, I talked there, everything was cool, great, everything was cool, but I was always kind of from the side, all the time from the side. And, well, yes, from that moment I was completely unwound to these my terminal accommodations. Well, that is, when my mother and I discussed it, she had no idea how difficult it was for me to live, because I hid it, because I protected her. I was already hurt, sorry and hurt for her. from her, let's say, fate, that is, then the stepfather appeared almost immediately, that is, they had not been parents, close people for a long time. Stepfather, of course, nothing, the whole story is so-so, and it just ended there when I was nineteen, they were at odds with my stepfather, so-so human, but it's like more of a mom's story, But the joke is that at some point this little man, he walked around the house naked. And in my memory there is something that when I was sleeping during the day, he touched me, that is, it's not straight sexual, well, it's not interference, that is, he didn't stick his fingers into me, nothing like that, but like some kind of touching, literally, well, just a sick bastard, what can I say, yes, like to touch, from which I immediately woke up. But it was as rare as possible. Maybe it was even once. Well, I have it in a sufficient block like this, yes. But his pacing around the house, that is, at that time it didn't bother me at all. Well, I mean, it didn't hurt how I perceived it then. It was incomprehensible, it was embarrassing for me, to put it mildly. Well, thanks, I looked at the penis, like, well, live. Well, how would it help me?
Speaker A: I can't tell you how old you were.
Speaker B: To say for sure for this period, but it's probably some 12-13.
Speaker A: If you heard about someone this story that a 12-13 year old girl walks mountains man.
Speaker B: I still haven't told my mom about it. But at least with regard to my stepfather, I still have a chance to at least call him and tell him what I think about it.
Speaker A: Why don't you tell Mom about this?
Speaker B: Because I have to make it even more painful for her. that is, at that moment I won't say for sure it stopped somehow, but I somehow commented on something and told him about it, well, that's enough, or somehow I can't say yes, and it stopped and there were no more hints at all, that is, nothing more like that sexualized and happened here in general and I as a whole forgot this story forgot how I forgot how I treated him, that is, it never stopped me, well, that is, some kind of well, as strong as possible friendly relations with an outsider with my mom's man, well, I called him dad all the time while they were together so at that moment, As I thought at that moment, well, nothing bad happened to me, and mom loves him so much. And if I tell her about it, it's clear that she will choose me, break up with him and all that. Well, I thought that was how she was protected. I didn't want to upset her.
Speaker A: Our psyche, apparently, has learned very well how to support complex stories. And, in fact, for me, as an outsider, it sounds a little different, unexpectedly for you. You tell me that since childhood you have lived in such a difficult family relationship with the managing father, whom you withstood, and feelings about which you did not go anywhere, because you took care of your mother, with paternal infidelities, which you also somehow withstood, and your poor child's psyche withstood. And you, on the other hand, again, did not bring It anywhere, because you took care of the mother. The story is about the stepfather, who you also endured and took care of your mother. And even to this day, you continue to carry this extremely, extremely adult baggage behind your back. From this exposure, as if, you know, from this place, your terminal state, as you call them, becomes clearer. It is difficult for me to imagine how much tension there should be in the child's psyche in this context. It is clear that she somehow processes it, and it is clear that she goes to some explanations, but nevertheless.
Speaker B: And yes, I've been suffering consciously since I was 12-13 years old.
Speaker A: What is it? How's that? Teach me.
Speaker B: Well, I mean that I began to feel suffering. I began to think about my rejection here. And if now I understand, accept, am proud of my, well, let's say, otherness, yes, then most of my life I was a stranger at this celebration of life, I was a stranger, I was always, well, like, about, I wasn't in any pack, well, that is, I was in large packs, but in some small, dense, real one, well, that is, apart from the pack, I am a mother, And, of course, I have the most anxious type of attachment formed, with which I also work very hard. And the last relationship I lived in a double copy, in constant anxiety, in my anxious attachment. And in its understanding, containment, and so on and so forth. Yes.
Speaker A: Only in this pack with mom, it feels like you were more of a mom after all.
Speaker B: Well, as if up to a certain point, apparently, yes. Well, now that's how you say it, it seems as if yes. Well, like.
Speaker A: I'm not trying to somehow denigrate your mother or put her doubts. It's just that, you know, in those relationships that you told me about, you tried to save and help someone a lot. And as if this is a familiar pattern for you in general since childhood. Save, help, endure. But has there ever been a sufficiently grown-up person next to you who would somehow allow you to feel safe and warm?
Speaker B: Excluding mom, I always won because mom, I spent a lot of time with my father, yes, but in fact there is nothing in fact I didn't say about mom, but it's true, it was always my support in general, that is, those installations conversations that she led with me, well, there were never any distortions that I'm either the best there, or I have to fight, well, that's something like that. That is, she always accepted me as much as possible, gave me complete freedom, following the world through her classes, whatever. She always brought me out to talk, well, she showed that she was ready to talk about anything at all. And I calmly came to ask my mom about an erection at some point, when this word loomed, I didn't fully understand what it meant there, yes. well, that is, in this regard, that is, my mother is completely my support, and now we have never been in a bad relationship at all, and now she is also developing, we help each other in this, as if we know each other very well, we know how to offer each other something new so that he does not want immediately refuse a person because we are both like this we can't say here, try it's cool, let's say, and in two years we'll look at it again when we ourselves become interested, that is, we have a very tight good relationship for the best in the world, let's have a better relationship with mom without ties in the world, but at the same time I understand that yes, here Now I've been thinking a lot while we're talking, this is salvation, this is not defending yourself, patience for something until the last moment. This is mom's behavior with men. But, what is important, now mom and dad, as I call him, they have been together for ten years this year they signed a surprise for my anniversary and this person actually gave me back the feeling of a daughter in places, although in adulthood I did not expect this and did not look for it because I understood that this does not happen but however, that is, right now I have a complete feeling, a feeling that I am from a full family, I have both mom and dad, it's true, that is, I know that I can rely on any of these two people at any time and by the way, they come tomorrow for three days, I haven't seen them for a long time, but in my life, as if as partners to consider such a person to lean on and all that. It turns out, after all, there was. And I also had time to think about it for the moment that I am now living a separation. And I want to get in touch. We are in distant contact. I want to contact this person, once again express my gratitude to him. I've done it before, actually. We had a very good, wonderful relationship. Three and a half years in terms of maturity. partners he was the most mature as a partner here it turns out and in fact greatly influenced me, that is, I remembered a lot without the fact that here I lost the best person, of course, after the breakup that I initiated attention because at that moment it seemed to me from my brain that some kind of love passed me at that moment I the truth was wrong, but I don't have any grief about it, grief of loss, because that man we are the same age was 22-23 years old to me, that is, he did very cool, really cool, to me about security, and we didn't live together during this time, that is, we are there somewhere, maybe behind the apartments we looked after friends, we went on vacation together. he was engaged in organizing tickets for the same vacations there, roughly speaking, yes, he had his own hobby, and I climbed there and he said, like, take care of yourself well, in a normal way, that is, the truth is that this was the most mature relationship in terms of some kind of subjectivity of two people, after all, I am forced to you.
Speaker A: Interrupt because we need to put a comma or a period or a comma because our time is running out, and the consultation is close to the real conditions, so I also have to respect the boundaries, including temporary ones. I'm sorry that I have to do this in the middle of a phrase, and I would like to ask you to formulate as much as possible some kind of feedback from what happened here failed.
Speaker B: So to say my main mission, I still really wanted to share what I was going through inside, what was happening, what kind of violence it was and how it affects my life so far, which we didn't talk about, but it was important for me to talk and answer all your questions, because what-some things I understood, some things I didn't understand, related to childhood, with all this. And this is all a very important price for me, and it was very important for me to hear from a person who is professionally versed in, so to speak, in the psyche, in all these processes, that it's really difficult for me, and I'm really good.
Speaker A: I really think you're trying. You're trying. And considering the amount of internal materials that need to be recycled in order to move, it seems to me that you are doing it selflessly.
Speaker B: Thank you. If you suddenly call to talk about what it is to live violence from a drug addict from the inside, I will be glad.
Speaker A: I would like to point out at this point that, yes, we didn't talk pointwise about that violence, but in fact we talked about your pain the whole session, from different relationships. Now, while we were talking, I had an idea that it would be possible to continue. I mean, I usually do one meeting, but maybe it would be possible to continue. I'll think about it and write to you.
Speaker B: Of course.
Speaker A: Thank you. Thank you for your courage, for your sincerity and for the details.
Speaker B: Thank you for really being with me all this time, you were interested and worried with me, well, how did it seem to me that you did care and I have a lot to think about now, of course, thank you, have a good day.
Speaker A: We were left alone in the sense that I shoot everything with you in one take, I hope it will turn out well, I want to give feedback on this session, but in my opinion it turned out really deeply, really sincerely and really interesting from a professional from an ordinary human point of view, Of course, with such a client it would be possible to go in many directions and many sides for me, they were quite convex, so to speak. About the relationship with mom, about the relationship in general, about a lot. That is, I could grab a lot of things in order to further develop the topic. But it was in this meeting that I did not see the point, because this meeting, in my opinion, was dedicated... Well, the client... The client's girlfriend formulated at the very beginning that she would like to place her experiences somewhere. And, in general, I must say that this always happens in psychotherapy, that you achieve the goal you set. If you don't achieve the goal you set, then maybe you're setting the wrong goal. The goal was set to place it somewhere. And, in my opinion, this goal corresponded, in general, to what was happening in the process and some inner desire and inner need. And, in general, that's exactly what we were doing. But in general, I would probably build the work, Assuming that we would have a series of meetings, I would somehow try to create a sense of security. Especially considering that I am a man, that my gender identity is important in this place. That I could, as a male figure, create such a sense of security, a sense of stability. which, in turn, would help the client to find her own stability and somehow feel stronger, because of course I focused on this, that it is characteristic of her to save. In fact, the person who demands to be saved is herself. I would try to play this role as much as possible. To be such a savior is not. Yes, you should not put a halo on yourself, as a psychologist. But to be such a supporting figure. At the same time, we would certainly talk about a lot of what was started at this meeting. But the main outline would be in this. Here. Thanks for attention. I really ask you not, if you have watched up to this point, not to write any sharp comments or any offensive or harsh. because the client is not incognito and so that you do not write it will get personally and deeply try to filter what you write and I will also filter what they will write to me, I will delete some extremely extremely harsh comments here I remind you that you can purchase reviews of my consultations this will help me shoot more content mutually beneficial exchange of a unique product for you and the opportunity to shoot more for me and you can purchase the course my support, read reviews on the website. A really worthwhile thing without false modesty. I offer it to you. See you, hopefully, in a week.