Speaker B: My name is Lena. Here's Lena. I am 29 years old. I was thinking about requesting a consultation, because this is how the work usually goes better. I'll probably tell you a little bit about myself, how I live now. Four months ago, I came out of an abusive relationship. I lived for a year with a guy who bullied me. I had to leave, leave the house. I turned to the crisis center for help, and since then my journey outside of relationships has begun, how to say, well, into adulthood, or something. Before that, I was also in a relationship, well, such an unhappy one. What else can I tell you? I've been sick for 12 years, A lot, how to say... So, in short, at the age of 17 I got into the HDP, I was hospitalized, I was treated there, and since then I have stopped coping with life at all. I somehow burned out and was depressed for a very long time, For the last time, probably 5 years, or something, since 2017, I turned to the doctor again for help, because I realized that I couldn't cope myself, but I was also prescribed such treatment, on which I gained 50 kilograms in six months.
Speaker A: 50 kilograms? Yes.
Speaker B: That is, I am now, this is a different version. I'm used to myself completely different. But I weighed a maximum of 60 kilograms before. I've never been athletic, but at least I used to move... I really liked walking, there's all that. And after this episode of treatment, I even got to the point that I stopped leaving the room. Here. I became afraid of people. Well, somehow in life it still happened there and relationships, moving and all that. And in the end it turned out that I chose a relationship because I thought it was some kind of miracle happening to me, they paid attention to me. And as a result, now my life is a complete ruin. I have already started to cope, I am being monitored by a psychiatrist. I have an emotionally unstable personality disorder, but it's PRL, and PTSD is in exacerbation. But even earlier I was diagnosed with PTSD. My dad is an alcoholic, and my parents are also children of alcoholics, well, in short, everything is there in generations. And somehow I came with such a question that it is very difficult for me to adapt to society now, well, and because of a lot... Well, I've been through a lot of trauma, well, that...
Speaker A: B.
Speaker B: In general, this is such a psychological, economic violence, because I was kind of paying myself for the opportunity to just live under someone's roof, eat food, do something. I couldn't get a profession. And in general, somehow I made a lot of attempts to get a job, to find a social circle. Now I have such a situation that no one will help me. we need to earn at least some money. I am very much afraid of this. I found vacancies and I can't even call them. This is a very big problem, and I realized that I was very tired of beating myself up for not being able to solve this problem myself. I analyzed a lot. In general, the work has developed in such a way that I also associate it with violence. And right now, when I just started to get back on my feet and began to realize in general what had been happening to me all my life, like the need to go to work, in fact, it's just some kind of mental concept for me now. Yes, because in fact I just want to live, do important things for myself. For example, I write lyrics, I make Jewelry, I really like to do, do the house, spend time in nature, play music. But all this does not bring me income yet. I really need it for therapy. I already know where I need to go, what to do approximately. I really need the resources to work with the injury. and I don't see where to get them from. And in general, how to build my life now, I do not understand, in a state where I am just covered with panic every day, and I am triggered by absolutely everything that happens. Everything unusual that comes into my life, I digest for a long time, and it's difficult to leave the room. But I want to deal with it. So, something I do not know.
Speaker A: I sincerely want to support you. It's hard to do it through the sunset. But nevertheless, you know, such... There is a lot of warmth in your story, despite what you are telling, there is a lot of some kind of inner warmth in the way you tell it.
Speaker B: Thank you. But the most important thing is that there have been very big changes in me lately. I used to really believe in my thoughts, I didn't want to live at all for many years. It's like it started with adolescence. I wanted to escape from life more and more. But right now, during these four months, a lot of changes have happened, and I somehow actively initiated them. And I liked it very much, And I finally felt that I wanted to live. And now the solution of material problems is like I have a very big overload, because I have done a lot of things that were previously inaccessible to me. But this need, it's me, in short, I don't know how to say it, In general, to be honest, I need to work, but I don't want to, because it works.
Speaker A: Sounds very honest.
Speaker B: I really don't want to, I hate work. But all the available jobs that are on the labor market, for which they will pay very little money, will need to spend a lot of resources, which I do not get easily. to put it mildly, because I am emotionally unstable, and I have to do a lot of things to maintain the integrity of my system. It's really hard work, but they don't pay money for it. It just allows me to stay human and live the feelings somehow. I would like to somehow, I don't know, find out how I can support myself or what can be done. I don't really know. I came to the consultation because yesterday I wanted to call for a vacancy and just fell into such a state, This is resistance. I already physically wanted to get out of my body. And I still can't come to balance, because it's like I'm being crushed by a stove. And at the same time, I want to withdraw from the body. I would like to learn to experience so that these states do not stop my life, anything like that. Well, somehow... Probably so. Here. Maybe I didn't quite come to the right place, but I decided to try.
Speaker A: What would your request sound like? You have a limited piece of time, There is our meeting with you.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: What would you like to take out of it for yourself?
Speaker B: Now. I have with this... I have with this... on an external problem to focus on the important.
Speaker A: What is happening to you now? Can you describe it physically?
Speaker B: Such confusion and a lot of heaviness in my head, I want to cry. I'm nervous and frantically trying to come up with something, a phrase, or something, to understand what is important.
Speaker A: Does it somehow look like your condition, like, say, before the call? Yes.
Speaker B: Probably, to get together, to say something sane, to express myself, but I don't always succeed. How do I say this? Under conditions of stress, I stop thinking at all. It kind of unsettles me completely. I have a whole huge pile of problems, and when I look at it, I do not know what to do. Everything seems so important. And I have no idea how I should handle it, how I can handle it. And what is the main need now? I don't really understand. I would like to learn to understand, to find some kind of inner compass. I have already realized that life is very complicated, and I need some kind of support inside and some kind of reference point. Adult life scares me very much. Especially with my peculiarities. I do not know how to combine myself and the current reality in order to have time to do something good. Survive for a start, and then... well, there, to make your own project or something else. Well, in general, to have time to live, and not just hang out in hell in some permanent. Here. I have already begun to accept my limitations, but the zone of influence is not really what I can do. because there are too many complexities that are difficult to understand.
Speaker A: And this is the state you get into before an important case or after a question, does it look like something, some place from your past, maybe from your childhood? this is the state of some kind of stupor and confusion.
Speaker B: Yes, it looks like a few things. I remember when I was little, I don't remember the exact age, but I had to communicate with other children. My parents kicked me out to walk in the yard, and I, well, I didn't want that. I wanted to be at home with my mom, dad, or brother. I was scared. But they told me, go for a walk, play. So I went. Like that. Like another one. They said we should go. I also go to work, by the way.
Speaker A: I mean, on some kind of instruction?
Speaker B: Yes, but what is so necessary? I am very ashamed that I don't want to work, as in the conventional sense, because I have reasons for it. I don't feel well at these jobs. I'm bored there. Well, plus it takes a lot of time. I don't have time to be creative. Well, it does not bring any tangible money. And then after that I start to hurt even more. After every job I got a job at, a month later I started to get sick. for six months, for a year or for several years, it was stretched, and this additionally blocks. And I looked at these children, and I didn't understand what to tell them, why should I go to them. And I felt this tremendous fear. And then, when I already began to like some people, and I was interested in approaching them, talking to them, all my words disappeared. I never found out what to say to establish contact. I just started avoiding them and feeling worthless at the same time, or something, because I'm such a coward. or somehow I felt depressed afterwards. And the impulse to act often struggles in me, and I stop myself out of fear. And this is very much where it happens. This condition also reminds me of something, but I've forgotten a little now.
Speaker A: Okay, come on, I have a suggestion. Let's take it as an axiom that inside this space of ours, no matter what you do, it will not be something wrong. Good. If you don't know what to say, that's fine. If you're confused, that's fine. I understand it's complicated, but it is.
Speaker B: Such... But I can already, yes.
Speaker A: I'm like... That's why I'm here, to somehow support and help you.
Speaker B: That's why I love psychotherapy. That at least here I have the space to be myself, to be stupid or helpless. Well, where else? In contact with another person, you can live it. I haven't found a mine for myself yet. It just so happens that I don't have people to share it all with. Therefore, I am looking for different ways to work with this in therapy.
Speaker A: Did you say that about the fact that your parents kicked you out to play? That's how you phrased it.
Speaker B: Yes, that's how I felt, yes.
Speaker A: In general, was there a lot of this kind of must-have in your childhood?
Speaker B: Yes, I've been thinking about it. Actually, yes. Here I remember my childhood impressions. I was constantly scared and incomprehensible. I was calm. It's similar to how you behave.
Speaker A: You feel it today, I think. What do you mean today?
Speaker B: Yes, that's why I am... Well, in general lately. I realized that while I was taking the wrong medications, the state of panic had gone deep somewhere and was drowned out. And now I've woken up, and it hasn't gone anywhere. My body is constantly shrinking. I'm ready, as if something is about to fall on me. And I tried to remember the last time when I was completely relaxed and didn't feel that someone was going to attack me or force me to do something. I didn't remember that. For me, in fact, I feel happy only in nature. And I have good memories from my childhood connected only with the cottage, how we walked in the meadow with my brother, swam there, something like that. And everything that is connected with people, even with parents, is just some kind of complete trash. And I have accumulated it. Very.
Speaker A: You made such a very interesting move back. That's it. Can I ask you to do it again? And maybe somehow strengthen it. Well, somehow hypertrophied.
Speaker B: Try it. When you amplify, it's like someone grabs.
Speaker A: And who? Was there such a thing?
Speaker B: It looks like my ex-boyfriend did that, and I don't remember before that, but it's very familiar.
Speaker A: Can I ask you to close your eyes, do this movement again and somehow be in it? How old do you feel in this place?
Speaker B: For some reason, two digits went through my head. Fourteen and five.
Speaker A: Fourteen and five? And what happened at the age of five? What was not in the sense of the event, but how did you live these years?
Speaker B: I don't remember this period at all. But I remember being scared. We were moving something there, we had to go to kindergarten, This is exactly what I needed to communicate with the children, I didn't want to. For the most part, I didn't understand what was going on, no one explained anything to me, and I wanted to be talked to, calmed down.
Speaker A: Parents?
Speaker B: I was afraid of my grandmother very much, but she shamed me a lot for my behavior, well, like I was helping with the housework there, something was wrong, I helped plant potatoes, there was something else, but she just knows how to look withering, that's it. Mostly I spent time with my brother or by myself. I didn't like living even then. That's all I can remember.
Speaker A: Do you have a napkin handy?
Speaker B: Yes, yes. Oh. Damn, I didn't think it was so sad there. I completely forgot that. But I had a feeling that I have parents, but it's like they don't exist.
Speaker A: Lonely, you said. Sadly. And I have the word "loneliness".
Speaker B: Yes, exactly. And at the age of 13, I felt this acute loneliness again. I didn't have any friends at all then. I found another school. I was bullied a little in my old school. Because I was such an excellent student alone for the whole class, I went to music school, and I loved music school very much, I was burning with it, like a soldier I went, I was always busy, and they didn't understand it, and the girls there harassed me, prevented me from going to school somehow. Well, I vaguely remember that too. And so I found another school, passed the exam then and went to the gymnasium. And there I already felt fine, I found friends there. Well, we matched in intelligence, in interests. And before that, I had such a very acute loneliness. And such restlessness. I've been reading books all summer on my balcony. I didn't want to go anywhere. Or she was walking alone.
Speaker A: From what you are telling now, it seems that it was not so much difficult for you to communicate, as the environment in which you found yourself did not suit you. Yes. If you find yourself in a place where you are interested and where people are on the same wavelength with you, then you quite yourself found some social contacts.
Speaker B: Exactly. When I was in music school or in a drumming party or something, I had no problems to communicate. I open up better in a friendly space. I've already started noticing when I don't really understand which space is friendly for me and which is not. That is, I don't really trust my feelings. But, for example, I only then begin to understand it. Let's say... Oh, my light's off. Shortly.. In some creative circles, where people are engaged in psychotherapy or psychology, it is easy for me to communicate. We have some common themes. It's easier for people there to understand my peculiarities, to accept that I differ from them somehow. People who work at regular jobs, well, there, home, family, I don't know, to fry kebabs for the weekend. Here I have such people mostly around me, and I can't do it with them. And next to them, I feel terrible, kind of over-adjusted. Here, because I can't tell them anything normal, that they would understand how I live, how I earn a living, how I live without earning a living. They don't understand it, and they look at me like I'm an idiot. And then I leave and I feel terrible, and I think, why should I leave the room if this is always waiting for me? that's the interaction. I was still very ashamed to admit that I did not want to interact with this society. It was easier to blame myself that I was kind of lazy, not like that, too sensitive. Here.
Speaker A: Are there any places in your life today, any people where you feel comfortable?
Speaker B: There is a little bit.
Speaker A: Where?
Speaker B: I live with my brother. He treats me very well, accepts me. He's helping me with housing now. I have a community, though, on the Internet. We write texts there. I have a prospect of work and earnings there, but so far at the initial stage. Here, these are, well, there, right-wing texts, they, well, teach all sorts of people who promote their services in social networks to write texts, here, in a human way. So, I'm studying there now and I'm already checking my homework. And that's where we are, when we communicate with colleagues, I have something to say to them, and it's interesting with them. Here. I also went to the drums, but now I've stopped. Here. It's fine there too, but I stopped going there.
Speaker A: And why?
Speaker B: Well, that's it. The stress was killing me. It's just me somehow... I lost my sense of security and because of this I stopped going far from home. I understand that this is not a healthy thing, but for now I have decided to accept it at least if I can't change it. It's just the way it is now.
Speaker A: How did you get out of your last relationship?
Speaker B: It so happened that the only person I ever talked to at least once a week was my therapist, with whom I have been working for three years, and he supported me all this time all year. It took me a very long time to just call the hotline. There was such a strange conversation there, too, but at least it was something. And then my relationship immediately strained a little, but I just somehow hoped for something, I fell under the influence. It was like I was under hypnosis right now. I really wanted to just cuddle with someone. I was alone for a long time. But I was alone for a long time, so I thought I'd take a chance. Maybe these are difficulties that can be overcome. And then, as this so-called SVO began, it was as if his roof was stuck, and he began to slowly snap at me. And since then, the stress has only been increasing. And these cycles of reconciliation are relative to the normal period and then again some kind of threes, they were there, for example, once every three months, then once a month, then once a week. And then, when it became twice a week, or even almost every day, I just couldn't stand it anymore. It so happened that I moved all my things from my cats to him, because I had nowhere to put it on, I was just left without a home. And my parents divorced, and, in short, everything is like this somehow. And it was very difficult for me to decide to leave there, because he constantly intimidated me that he would kill my cats, that he would throw out my things. And there were all my developments over the past 10 years, the materials that I wrote, collected, everything like that. And it was difficult for me to decide to leave it all. That's how, like, what he will do, he will do. Well, right now it's more important for me to go out into nowhere, into a terrible world, that's it. But I was living in Moscow then, and there was a center there, so there is no violence. I've heard about him. Somehow, a few years before that, I just started to be interested in the topic of domestic violence and watched some programs "Do you want to talk, in my opinion?" And there they talked about this center. And I remembered. And when I was already looking for information on the recommendation of a psychotherapist, I found this center and saw that there is a social profile there. And so I somehow have this here... They have already aroused confidence in me, and that's probably the only reason I decided to call there. And there is a very good organization there. I already, talking to a girl on the phone, felt that somehow I was treated as a person. I just packed my suitcase and went. I left everything and just went. And now I live like this, every day I think about myself when everything around is incomprehensible.
Speaker A: I'm here, I can hear you.
Speaker B: I'm nearby. I lived there for three weeks, here in the crisis center. There were also free consultations with a psychologist. A very nice woman worked with me there. And that's when I was able to, well, exhale, yes, and just be alone with myself. Here. Like this... Back in those first three weeks, I was very much drawn to return, but not because I feel good there, That's when I started to rethink that my comfort zone is not comfortable at all. I just missed him so much. There are conditions of stay that you cut off all contacts with your former partner in the name of your safety. I missed him for a very long time, probably the first two months, but now it's the fourth month, and finally I feel that I'm recovering, because I finally started to hate him. Well, actually, because I realized what he was doing to me. And I began to understand that this is some kind of life. And I don't miss him anymore. And my focus finally shifted from him to me. And I really like it. Here I would so like to do with work, well, and in general, somehow learn how to earn money, Not the way I was told as a child, but somehow in a different way or something.
Speaker A: And how were you told as a child to understand?
Speaker B: You have to work very hard. Although they didn't even tell me, I just absorbed it from the environment, how my parents earned money, how at school. Everything is from under the stick, only the whip, the carrot is not visible. I need to eat, I want to, it doesn't matter at all. Dad is generally a workaholic, and I have become a workaholic. Rest is not allowed at all. This is done by some worthless lazy people, like good people, only figachat constantly. About money. They said there was no money. It's just that the phrase "no money" sounds in my head. I went to work at the age of 13, washed the entrances there, handed out leaflets. I am in parallel with school, music school, there is a full load with additional classes, well, that is, six days, I still managed to work until the 11th grade, from 13 to 17, so I was already exhausted, depressed, in a mental hospital. I just now began to understand that this is not how children actually live. Or some live. That is, it is not very similar to childhood in this sense. I almost never rested.
Speaker A: Can you tell me a few words about Mom? I realized that in general, I understand plus or minus about your dad, plus or minus I imagine a brother, but you haven't said a word about mom yet.
Speaker B: Yes. Well, here's Mom... Well, she is. She kind of loves me. But when I was growing up, she was depressed. She is always busy with herself, her relationships. As a child, there was no way to attract her attention. She was always talking to someone, she always had some important things to do. I also remember everything that happened to me, the whole neighborhood knew about it, because mom always told everyone everything because of it. I've never had any personal space at all. I have two brothers, we all often lived in the same room. It was very difficult to find a place for yourself. Nominally, I had the support of my parents, but in fact it was not. Dad left us, I had a stepfather. Both mom and stepfather were absorbed in themselves and their lives. It was very rare that we turned on something there. We didn't have much money either. There was a roof over my head, food, clothes. Well all. I'll do the rest myself. But now my mom and I communicate more like girlfriends. I often visit her instead of a therapist. Probably, this is the main thing. When I started having mental problems so serious, but my mother was there. Then our relationship began to change a little, we became closer, but it's nice. But I didn't feel much parental care. I'm grateful to her anyway, because when I was depressed for a very long time, at least she didn't kick me out of the house. There was something to eat, and I had a room where I could lie and decompose. That's all.
Speaker A: It sounds very sad. that when you were depressed, at least you weren't kicked out of the house.
Speaker B: Yes, because I couldn't work. I couldn't help myself at all.
Speaker A: How old was it again?
Speaker B: Well, from the age of 17 until today, I just had depression that passed, then returned. And in these intervals, when she retreated a little, I tried to go somewhere again or find a job. I've had several such episodes. But the further away, the depression became longer, and there were almost no gaps. And since 2015, I've been like this… I've fallen into a new round, and I'm just now coming out. I was canceled neuroleptics there, I began to think normally again. I was finally diagnosed with a normal diagnosis, because I hadn't even been told it before. That is, I also suffered very seriously from medical errors. And my treatment is only now normal. A few years, as you meant. It was difficult. And plus the environment around me and as a family, they didn't take my mental characteristics seriously. Only Mom found out that depression exists. But she was absorbed with herself, so she couldn't help me. Dad generally, well, like, what he says, I have to run. Like, if I lived with him, then everything would be fine for me. Like, he would have built me, and that's it. And like, I wouldn't be, well, whining around here. That's it.
Speaker A: Dad is not like that.
Speaker B: Yes, here. But somehow I found opportunities, gradually looking for support, here. I was looking for those who would help me, here. As a result, I found it now. Now I have an opening in my life that I am not under anyone's influence, I am not in a relationship. I roughly know my own characteristics, I know what I need to do, I just don't know how at the moment.
Speaker A: I just thought that what has been happening and is happening in your life can be formulated in such a sentence as how difficult it is to be different from the average.
Speaker B: Yes, exactly.
Speaker A: Well, apart from the difficulties that accompany you in the sense of medical, diagnosed, and even ionites, is it somehow your worries that you somehow do not fit into the surrounding society?
Speaker B: Yes, I don't fit in at all. Since childhood, as it began, and that's it, I can't fit in.
Speaker A: Have you ever thought that there was something wrong with you, but with the world around you, with the people around you, was there something wrong?
Speaker B: In the last couple of years, I've started to think about it very seriously. I found the strength to start taking an interest in politics, and generally look around. And somehow the Internet has developed very well in recent years. And I began to see that there are a lot of people with mental disabilities. I can't call it some kind of super-problems, but it limits the quality of life. But, at least, adequacy and efficiency is something that can be gained. Right? That is, it belongs to a lifestyle. You can learn to live with it. And this does not separate you much from society. At least, I saw it for myself. But in the current reality in my country, this is becoming a problem. Because somehow, I don't know, our culture is somehow not developing. People are stuck like, I don't know where. There are people on the Internet, you can find people in different parts of the earth who think very similar to me. Or we have similar values, we read similar books, but there are no such people around in the city where I am. It turns out that completely different people. Here I live in an apartment now, I have alcoholics all around me almost. I will offend my neighbors, so it is said, well, just as a fact.
Speaker A: Do you see what the squiggle is? The fact that such a vicious circle in a sense.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: In the sense that those people, the environment with which you would feel comfortable, they are in the places that you think you go to.
Speaker B: Exactly!
Speaker A: And there are no such people in the places you go to, like work.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And it's like, well, it's not something supernatural. You are not telling something supernatural in the sense of your expectations from the contact or your peculiarities within the contact. It's so clear that we want to communicate with those who are interesting to us.
Speaker B: Well, yes, actually.
Speaker A: If it so happens that your interests are somewhat broader than kebabs and booze, then, in general, the circle narrows. We need to make some efforts.
Speaker B: How it sounds!
Speaker A: And some efforts are difficult to apply because of your condition.
Speaker B: Yes, that, by the way, is the main snag right now. I generally like to make an effort, I just love it. But I really like to work, I really like it. But somehow now such a straight situation has developed that I even get lost in such a simple one. Somehow I was a little disoriented. I'm closing in on a vicious circle. And when I'm inside, I fall into it very quickly, and when I'm in it, I don't see a way out. Here. Now we're talking to you, we've laid it out like this, I think, damn, for sure. Like I just don't go where there are people I'm interested in. I find a hundred reasons not to go there. I'm sitting, talking, still at home and, like, and I think that, damn, like, life has penetrated. And it repeats.
Speaker A: And so many things. Indeed, from your story, from your family history, from your relationship with psychiatrists, there are indeed some limitations. I mean, okay, yes, you tend to fail, not to fail, I would call it sinking.
Speaker B: Yes, exactly, it looks like.
Speaker A: In this state, when you step into it a little bit, you dive, dive, dive.
Speaker B: With a head.
Speaker A: Well, yes. Okay, this is typical for you. It seems important to me, it will sound trite, but at least try to remind yourself that this is not entirely real. What is this state, what is this pattern, what do you have there. at least try to separate yourself from this, do not start taking your word for it that everything is really wrong with you, and do not take your word for it that you are really superfluous at this celebration of life. No, this is your condition, which is very, very good at enveloping, but that doesn't mean that you really don't know. Uninteresting to the world or there no one will interact with you there. Well no. Well, I'm sure those who watch this video will... Thank you. And there I am as a person who talks to you, I have, well, so many feelings that you are enough, well, you are an interesting conversationalist, you somehow... you are well acquainted with your inner world, you are interested in yourself. You're all right.
Speaker B: Thank you. Yes, I guess I really believe in it very much. What I used to think and hear about myself is superimposed on strong emotional experiences, but these are not the most pleasant. You say it's corny, but for me, in fact, I hardly heard it at all. Disconnecting is good. And what can I do when, for example, I need to go out, do something from the room, and this resistance is terrible, and at the moment I can't control myself?
Speaker A: I'm afraid I won't give a specific answer. First of all, we are running out of time. Secondly, because there is no question. I think this is a research question. There is something that can help you.
Speaker B: This is what you need to find, what you need to look for.
Speaker A: When you said that just now, I remembered how I interned at the helpline, and there was a girl there, a regular customer of the helpline, who was afraid of elevators. And before she got into the elevator, she called the support service, everyone already knew her. and she was escorted down in the elevator. I mean, there may be different ways to help you in this state.
Speaker B: By the way, I also thought maybe I should also call the helpline when these waves begin to overwhelm me.
Speaker A: There can be many options. There can be many options.
Speaker B: Thank you.
Speaker A: Then... Then, if there is something, you can tell us something in the form of feedback to our meeting, if there is a desire, if there is something.
Speaker B: Yes. Well, I wanted to apologize if I wasted your time, because something I... well, I understand that my story is not very good. Here.
Speaker A: Look, you get to this place again. Your story is fine, and you didn't take up my time.
Speaker B: Well, okay. I just really want to find a place for myself in this world. And I'm trying to organize it in different ways for myself somehow. So thank you very much. But it's nice to talk to a person, but somehow with someone else, not with yourself. Here.
Speaker A: OK.
Speaker B: Probably everything.
Speaker A: Give yourself some time now to digest, to somehow stay in silence.
Speaker B: Yes.
Speaker A: And don't come back to life.
Speaker B: OK. Thank you.
Speaker A: Okay. Happily. You then disconnect.
Speaker B: Goodbye.
Speaker A: I have a little afterword.
Speaker B: OK. Have a nice day. Goodbye.
Speaker A: There's a little red button. Out? Yes. Firstly, I'm sorry, for some reason the camera doesn't catch me in the sense of image sharpness, and it seems to me that I'm a little blurry. I will definitely deal with the production, and the quality will definitely get better with time, but with time. To the session. In my opinion, it turned out to be a very interesting work, both from a human, ordinary point of view, and from a professional one. I would say so at the very end, the client said that she wants to find a place in this life. I thought that in order to find... The place is impossible to find. You can only arrange a place for yourself. In order to organize a place, you need strength and you need aggression. Aggression in the good sense of the word, aggression as energy, because you need your place, you need to stand on it, you need to build something on it, you need to fight for it somewhere, in the sense of driving away those who will encroach on this place. And all this requires Aggression. We need such an opportunity to take this place under the sun for ourselves. And further work, if there were, it would be largely around this, around finding this place, which, it seems to me, maybe I'm wrong, but it seems to me that this is the place that is being replaced by this swamp. In the place where one could somehow take a step, in the place where one could somehow go outside, there is a pattern that is understandable, it is clear where it comes from. There is a pattern to drowning in this swamp. And it takes time to change this reflex. And it's not like he's changing like this. It's such a long search for this inner place. In general, something like that. I would give such feedback. Let me remind you that I have two courses. Links to them will be in the description of the video. Visit the site, look around, get acquainted. I have a special discount for educational institutions for my debriefings. I know that they are watched in various universities, including very famous universities. I made it especially for you, I came up with a discount for educational institutions so that you would have the opportunity to purchase my reviews, show them to students for some more affordable cost, because usually budgets at faculties are not very large. That's probably all. See you.