{'prompt': 'So can you think of anything either that you've been wanting to do or maybe something that you used to do that you haven't been doing as often?',
 'completion': 'Well, I used to run with my husband, and I really miss doing that, but he's way past me now. I haven't run since when I got pregnant, and now he's running marathons, so I would never be able to keep up, I don't think.'}

Speaker A: So can you think of anything either that you've been wanting to do or maybe something that you used to do that you haven't been doing as often?
Speaker B: Well, I used to run with my husband, and I really miss doing that, but he's way past me now. I haven't run since when I got pregnant, and now he's running marathons, so I would never be able to keep up, I don't think.
Speaker A: I think it's a fabulous idea. Running, we know, works as an antidepressant, so that's good for your mood, it's good for your health, potentially get to spend time with your husband. But it sounds like maybe running with him right off the bat is a little bit ambitious. So what can you imagine that might be a little bit easier for you to accomplish, ultimately building up to that goal of running with your husband?
Speaker B: Maybe running on my own again.
Speaker A: Okay. Now I'm aware that you do have this two year old with you.
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And that's going to be a little bit tricky.
Speaker B: Well, I suppose I could walk at first.
Speaker A: Maybe walking before you run. I like that. So let's try and hammer out some of those specifics. The journey of a thousand miles begins with a single step, and that's certainly true in CBT. So perhaps a patient would like to be more active in a bowling league, and that seems like a very overwhelming task for them. You might ask them, how do you think you might find out more about the bowling league? How do you think you might get to the bowling alley? How do you think you might sign up for one of these bowling leagues? Again, you're dividing a larger task into much smaller components that are more easily achievable. Hopefully, the patient not only gets to engage more with life, but also, again, gets an increased sense of mastery in terms of what they're able to do in the context of their illness.