Speaker A: Jasmine.
Speaker B: Hi.
Speaker A: My name's IDE. I'm your counsellor. Today. We're going to meet in a room to our left. Something a bit more private than this area out here. I'm should we go there now?
Speaker B: Yeah, let's go.
Speaker A: So we're just going to go up the hall and to the right, and then there's a room on the left. Should I go first? Okay. Come in, Jasmine. This is the room that we'll be meeting in today. And if you come back again, we'll be in this room again. What I want you to do first is perhaps have a look around and choose where you would like to sit, where you'd like to be. Just the big chair over there? Yeah. So when you're ready, just make your way over to the chair and I'll close the door. And from where you're sitting now, where do you think you'd like me to be? In the room. Which chair would you like me to sit in?
Speaker B: That one.
Speaker A: In this chair here? Yeah. Okay. I've got you a drink of water. I'll just move my chair around to face you. That's all right. How's the distance between us? Would you like more room? Would you like me further back or more forward?
Speaker B: That's okay.
Speaker A: That's okay. Okay. So I want to invite you yeah. To look around, look around the room. Take in this new space you've never been here before. See if there's something your eyes want to rest on, or if there's anything pleasant to your eyes. Have a really good sticky beak around the room. Most people, most times we come into new environments, we want to have a good sticky beak, and we don't. And you can in here. I imagine it's pretty tough for you to be here. Yeah. What would help you to spend a moment here's? Pillow. Yeah. Take a hold of that pillow. Yeah. What's it like to have that pillow against your tummy?
Speaker B: It's nice.
Speaker A: Yeah. What's it like to have your hands holding tight there like that? Does that help you to be here? Yeah. How did you get here?
Speaker B: My mum dropped me here.
Speaker A: Your mum dropped you? Is she still here? No, she's not here. Is there an arrangement to pick you up?
Speaker B: Yeah.
Speaker A: And you're looking at the time? So what time did you arrange for Mum to pick you up?
Speaker B: In like, half an hour.
Speaker A: In half an hour? Yeah. So notice you're looking around a little bit more now. Helps a bit more with that pillow, doesn't it? That was a good idea for you to put the pillow there. Yeah. So how long do you think you'd like to be here? If you had a choice of how long you were going to be here with me in this conversation, how long would it be?
Speaker B: Maybe another 15 minutes.
Speaker A: Maybe another 15 minutes? Yeah. Okay. Maybe if we just took then that 15 minutes just to get used to the room. Just to get used to being in this space, being in that chair. What it's like to have your feet on the ground? What's it like to feel your seat in your back on the chair with the support of that pillow. That was such a good idea to get that pillow. It's a good resource because it's helping you to be here. So notice how it's a struggle to be here, but there's still something that helps you to be here. So on one hand, there's a struggle, and on the other hand, there's some kind of little bit of support, even if it's a tiny bit, takes the edge off both is there in the room? Yeah. What's it like for you to consider that it's not going to be half an hour, that it's going to be 15 minutes? Yeah, I feel better. Feel better. Yeah. We can just call Mum and tell her that the first session is shorter. Yeah. Because it's enough. It's really confronting to be here. A lot of people find it confronting to come here because of the name of the agency, the issues that we may talk about in the future. It's pretty confronting. So just getting used to being here is a pretty big deal. And you're doing a great job. You're doing really well. Yeah. And I'm here with you. Yeah.